---
title: Recruiter, Go To Market
status: archived
id: d7dbfcc3-e67c-4552-9674-9bd5844936ac
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/d7dbfcc3-e67c-4552-9674-9bd5844936ac
lastmod: '2026-06-11T20:38:31.248+00:00'
date: '2026-06-11T20:38:31.248+00:00'
location: Remote - US
departments:
- People
- Recruiting
offices:
- Remote - US
compensation: $136.8K – $192K • Offers Equity
---

**About this Team**

At OpenAI, we’re here to do something extraordinary: build safe AGI that benefits everyone. That mission demands people who are not just brilliant but also deeply aligned with our values. Our Recruiting team is the gateway—connecting exceptional humans to meaningful, high-impact work. We’re a close-knit, mission-driven crew that takes pride in thoughtful, relationship-first hiring. We partner deeply with teams across OpenAI to find, engage, and support the people who will shape the future of AI.

Our Go-to-Market (GTM) team is scaling rapidly to bring OpenAI’s products to customers and partners around the world. GTM hiring at OpenAI focuses on building a world-class team across Sales, Customer Success, Partnerships, and Technical Solutions.

**About this Role**

We are looking for an experienced Recruiter specializing in Go to Market functions to join our team. This role involves leading full-cycle recruitment efforts, from initial role definition to offer acceptance, focusing on building robust teams across Technical Success, UserOps, Revenue Ops and Sales. Reporting to our GTM Recruiting Lead, you will collaborate closely with hiring managers and global recruitment colleagues to ensure a seamless and effective hiring process.

**Your Responsibilities:**

* Manage full-cycle recruitment for GTM roles, including identifying talent needs, managing the recruitment process, and negotiating offers.
* Work directly with business leaders to understand departmental objectives and develop proactive hiring strategies that align with organizational goals.
* Ensure an outstanding candidate experience by representing OpenAI professionally and upholding our commitment to diversity and inclusion in all hiring practices.
* Collaborate with internal teams such as HR, Legal, and Compensation to ensure compliance and operational excellence throughout the recruitment lifecycle.
* Utilize advanced sourcing strategies and tools to attract and engage top-tier candidates, with a focus on enhancing diversity within our teams.
* Provide expert advice and support to hiring managers on best practices in interviewing, candidate evaluation, and employment branding.

**We’re Seeking:**

* 7+ years of full-cycle recruiting experience, particularly within in-house environments at high-growth companies.
* A strong track record of hiring for GTM roles.
* Excellent communication skills and the ability to engage effectively with diverse teams and stakeholders across cultures.
* A high level of adaptability in fast-paced, evolving environments—balancing strategic vision with hands-on execution.
* A continuous improvement mindset and the ability to evolve processes to meet global hiring needs.
* Proficiency with ATS and sourcing platforms such as Ashby, LinkedIn Recruiter, and other modern recruitment tools.

**Workplace & Location**

This role can be based in our San Francisco or New York City office. We are also considering applications to work remotely from within the U.S. If you're remote, we ask that you're open to occasional visits to our HQ when it makes sense for your role.

When applying, let us know which location(s) work for you.

If you're joining us in person, we offer relocation support and follow a hybrid schedule: three days a week in the office, with the option to work from home on Thursdays and Fridays. Our offices are set up for focus and connection—with adjustable desks, phone booths, conference rooms, stocked kitchens, and cozy spots to unwind or catch up with teammates.

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
