---
title: Backend Software Engineer, Growth
status: archived
id: dd2025b9-4d18-4ad7-a78c-7a643419ecc5
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/dd2025b9-4d18-4ad7-a78c-7a643419ecc5
lastmod: '2026-01-30T23:54:27.155+00:00'
date: '2026-01-30T23:54:27.155+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Applied AI
- Applied AI Engineering
compensation: $185K – $385K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

The ChatGPT team works across research, engineering, product, and design to bring OpenAI’s technology to the world.

We seek to learn from deployment and broadly distribute the benefits of AI, while ensuring that this powerful tool is used responsibly and safely. We aim to make our innovative tools globally accessible, transcending geographic, economic, or platform barriers. Our commitment is to facilitate the use of AI to enhance lives, fostered by rigorous insights into how people use our products.

**About the Role**

We are looking for an experienced backend engineer to join our new ChatGPT Growth team to spearhead high-impact projects that amplify the user base of ChatGPT and Plus Subscribers. Your role will include projects such as optimizing account access, notifications, SEO, fostering value discovery, and virality. As we are in the nascent stages of growth at OpenAI, we will rely on you to discover pivotal areas where strategic bets or incremental efforts can catalyze significant impact. We value engineers who are impact-driven, autonomous, adept at discerning crucial insights from experimental results, and have a strong intuition for how to remove barriers to unlocking the magic of ChatGPT.

**In this role, you will:**

* Drive long-term growth of ChatGPT through a combination of data analysis, product ideation, and experimentation to optimize product experiences.
* Partner with iOS, Android, and fullstack engineers to
* Plan and deploy backend systems necessary to power these product experiences.
* Execute on projects by working closely with research, product, design, data science and other members of product teams to land impact on product goals.
* Create a diverse and inclusive culture that makes all feel welcome while enabling radical candor and the challenging of group-think.

**You might thrive in this role if you:**

* Shipped features to power experiences that optimize the user funnel, such as landing pages, product pages, purchase flows, search flows, etc.
* Are highly analytical and have experience designing and implementing A/B tests, with a scientific approach to data-based experiments. You know exactly what and how to track business metrics and KPIs, and aren’t afraid to dive deep into data to earn the insights.
* Have a voracious and intrinsic desire to learn and fill in missing skills. An equally strong talent for sharing that information clearly and concisely with others
* Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing conditions. You view changes as an opportunity to add structure and order when necessary

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
