---
title: ChatGPT Research Product Marketing Manager
status: archived
id: f630d886-76d4-4492-a06b-7c6a34d05b8f
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/openai/f630d886-76d4-4492-a06b-7c6a34d05b8f
lastmod: '2026-02-19T19:14:47.345+00:00'
date: '2026-02-19T19:14:47.345+00:00'
location: San Francisco
departments:
- Marketing
compensation: $221K – $245K • Offers Equity
---

**About the Team**

OpenAI’s mission is to ensure the responsible and widespread adoption of artificial intelligence. In support of that mission, the Marketing team helps deeply understand customer audiences and market dynamics, influence the development of the right products, build sustainable and customer-aligned monetization models, and drive awareness, adoption, and usage across OpenAI’s products and platform.

We take a data-driven approach to understand markets, develop monetization strategies, and uncover customer needs that shape product strategy and messaging. We partner closely with Sales, Partnerships, Product, Engineering, Research, Comms, and Design to deliver a cohesive end-to-end customer experience and lead go-to-market efforts for new product launches across channels.

**About the Role**

As a **Product Marketing Manager, Research,** you will own the end-to-end go-to-market strategy for ChatGPT’s research launches. From our core models to image generation, research is at the heart of what drives OpenAI forward and unlocks more for users. You’ll be at the forefront of explaining research advancements to everyone from daily users to the research community—then bringing those stories to life through standout creative examples that demonstrate what’s now possible. You’ll work closely with the research team to understand and tell the story of their breakthroughs at the frontier of AI. You’ll also partner with our comms team to ensure a holistic narrative that spans capabilities, safety, and use cases, while working with integrated, creative, and performance marketing teams to then translate those capabilities into **top-of-funnel acquisition creative**, and develop the narrative and content systems that scale globally.

**You’ll be responsible for:**

* Understanding the research breakthrough and what that means for consumers.
* Shaping the key messaging and value props, along with use cases and competitive audit to ground that.
* Writing the product marketing brief that allows creative, comms, and cross-functional marketing teams to bring the research story to life.
* Connect launches to creative and messaging throughout the user funnel to sustain awareness and usage, helping to shape the overall ChatGPT consumer narrative.

**We’re looking for someone who:**

* Can translate complex technical work into crisp, differentiated value for **multiple audiences** (consumers, power users, and research community).
* Has strong creative instincts and can personally generate high-quality multimodal examples (prompts, galleries, social concepts, demo scripts) that make capabilities feel obvious and exciting.
* Thinks like a product marketer *and* a storyteller—obsessed with learnings, iteration, and what drives discovery, conversion, and sharing.
* Stays calm under pressure and can act decisively and effectively in fast-moving, ambiguous environments with shifting timelines and limited information.
* Can partner effectively with Safety and Policy teams to enable broad creative expression while anticipating misuse risks and shaping responsible messaging.
* Doesn’t need to have a technical background but needs to have a deep curious and passion for frontier AI research

**About OpenAI**

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.

For additional information, please see [OpenAI’s Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/eeo-policy-statement.pdf).

Background checks for applicants will be administered in accordance with applicable law, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment consistent with those laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, for US-based candidates. For unincorporated Los Angeles County workers: we reasonably believe that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship with the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment: protect computer hardware entrusted to you from theft, loss or damage; return all computer hardware in your possession (including the data contained therein) upon termination of employment or end of assignment; and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential, and non-public information. In addition, job duties require access to secure and protected information technology systems and related data security obligations.

To notify OpenAI that you believe this job posting is non-compliant, please submit a report through [this form](https://form.asana.com/?d=57018692298241&k=5MqR40fZd7jlxVUh5J-UeA). No response will be provided to inquiries unrelated to job posting compliance.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this [link](https://form.asana.com/?k=bQ7w9h3iexRlicUdWRiwvg&d=57018692298241).

[OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy](https://cdn.openai.com/policies/global-employee-and-contractor-privacy-policy.pdf)

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
