---
title: Warehouse Associate (Contract)
status: archived
id: '5832716004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5832716004
lastmod: '2026-05-28T13:55:05-04:00'
date: '2026-03-25T12:08:36-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

**Job Summary:** This role offers an opportunity to grow within a dynamic and innovative environment. The ideal candidate has foundational experience in warehouse operations and manufacturing and is ready to build proficiency in inventory management systems, process optimization, and collaborative teamwork. The Warehouse Associate will support multiple departments by fulfilling material needs, maintaining organized inventory, and contributing to efficient operations. This position includes learning opportunities to develop deeper technical and operational expertise.

## **Responsibilities:**

* Maintain and update ERP/WMS systems for all incoming and outgoing shipments, ensuring accuracy and addressing discrepancies in coordination with team members.
* Verify shipment accuracy by cross-referencing packing lists and addressing issues, with a focus on ESD-sensitive components and safety compliance.
* Conduct weekly cycle counts to ensure inventory accuracy and integrity.
* Adjust and update inventory records in the ERP/WMS systems with guidance.
* Assist in identifying and addressing inventory discrepancies.
* Maintain a clean, safe, and organized workspace using 5S methodology.
* Operate forklifts as needed, adhering to all safety guidelines (certification provided if required).
* Follow ESD handling protocols and demonstrate a commitment to safety standards.
* Participate in team-driven initiatives for process improvements and system updates.
* Provide input on workflow optimization to enhance efficiency.
* Work closely with supervisors and team members to meet material and inventory needs.
* Support less experienced colleagues by sharing knowledge and operational insights

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* High School Diploma or GED; relevant coursework or training is a plus.
* 1-2 years of experience in warehouse operations, ideally in a manufacturing setting.
* Proficiency with ERP/WMS systems for basic inventory management tasks.
* Ability to lift up to 30 lbs and adhere to safety guidelines.

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* 2-4 years of experience in warehouse operations, ideally in a manufacturing setting
* Familiarity with 5S methodology and willingness to develop expertise in process standardization.
* Basic knowledge of ESD safety protocols or willingness to learn.
* Forklift operation experience or willingness to obtain certification.
* Strong organizational skills and a collaborative, team-oriented mindset.
* Self-motivated with the ability to manage time effectively in a fast-paced environment.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$22.25—$24.85 USD
