---
title: Supply Chain Operations Specialist (Contract)
status: archived
id: '5834997004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5834997004
lastmod: '2026-05-07T16:51:25-04:00'
date: '2026-03-26T13:37:43-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

**Job Summary:**

This is an exciting role an innovative, high-growth defense technology company. We are seeking a detail-oriented and savvy Supply Chain Operations Specialist (Contract) to join our team. This role focuses on inputting and maintaining supplier records, tracking engineering changes, ensuring adherence to regulatory requirements and leveraging direct experience to build processes to meet industry standards and requirements. The ideal candidate will possess excellent analytical, communication, and organizational skills. We are also looking for someone who can jump in and drive tactical day-to-day execution while keeping a strategic roadmap in mind.   

  

## **Responsibilities:**

* Manage and process all requirements for the onboarding and offboarding of suppliers ensuring compliance with company policies, FAR/DFARS requirements, and industry standards.
* Conduct due diligence and evaluate supplier risk utilizing third party tools and checks.
* Assess and facilitate the completion of necessary supplier documentation, including accreditations, insurance certificates, and compliance forms.
* Serve as the primary point of contact for new suppliers during the onboarding process; addressing enquiries, providing guidance, and fostering positive relationships.
* Act as a liaison between vendors and internal teams to address issues, provide guidance, and maintain strong working relationships.
* Resolve supplier onboarding issues and disputes in a timely and professional manner.
* Help maintain Supplier Onboarding policies, procedures and process-flows.
* Responsible for accurate data entry in Epirus’ ERP system, including Supplier information and Part Master Updates.
* Maintain accurate records of vendor agreements, certifications, and compliance-related documentation.
* Responsible for creating and maintaining Supplier metrics, as directed.
* Perform regular data audits to ensure accuracy and completeness.
* Manage and interpret engineering dispositions, ensuring accurate execution and understanding of engineering change notices (ECNs).
* Maintain and apply knowledge of multilevel bills of materials (BOMs) and part categorizations to support product change management processes.
* Serve as the primary liaison between engineering and cross-functional teams, including manufacturing, procurement, and other internal stakeholders, to ensure alignment and clear communication.
* Track and report on drawing change metrics, proactively following up on stagnant tickets to drive timely resolution.

 

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* Minimum 2 years of experience in at least one of the following areas: document control, supplier onboarding, buying, planning, contracts, data management, or other related experience.
* High school diploma or equivalent (Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree preferred)
* Confident when speaking and presenting to small groups internally for knowledge sharing.
* Strong attention to detail.
* Excellent organizational and time management skills.
* Familiarity with Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, Powerpoint).
* Advanced communication skills (written and verbal).
* Collaborative; capable of working across all levels of the organization.
* Comfortable working in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment.
* Possess an ownership mentality
* ERP experience

 

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Strong knowledge of vendor management principles, practices, and tools.
* Exposure to Lean manufacturing or Six Sigma.
* Basic understanding of government contracting requirements.
* Previous experience with other supplier onboarding systems.
* Direct experience with Oracle Fusion ERP system.
* Jira or other project management tools

  

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$78,600—$89,825 USD
