---
title: 'Product Quality Engineer '
status: archived
id: '5970211004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5970211004
lastmod: '2026-04-29T15:04:37-04:00'
date: '2026-04-29T15:04:37-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Corporate Office
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

**Job Summary:**

This is an exciting **Product Quality Engineer** role with an innovative, high-growth defense technology company. The ideal candidate for the position is agile, collaborative, and results oriented. You are a skilled communicator who can translate Epirus' quality expectations to all parties with a hands-on approach to problem solving and process improvement.  

In this role, you will work closely with engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain teams to ensure compliance with AS9100, internal, and customer-specific requirements while supporting quality assurance efforts to maintain the highest levels of product quality, reliability, and performance. This position will be the focal point for quality engineering activities for the Amplifier Module and PCBA manufacturing and test lines. 

## **Responsibilities:**

* Develop, implement, and maintain quality assurance processes, plans, and procedures in compliance with AS9100, customer, and internal Quality Management System requirements.
* Assist with non-conformance investigations, corrective actions, root cause analysis, product/process audits, and inspection/test capability analysis. Verify effectiveness of actions and share lessons learned across product and programs.
* Collaborate with manufacturing and engineering to drive initiatives to meet quality and reliability objectives. Support transition from NPI to scalable production through the development of robust quality assurance processes.
* Support internal and external audits and inspections from customers, regulatory bodies, and certification agencies.
* Use statistical process control (SPC) and other quality tools to analyze trends and improve product reliability. Define metrics to effectively measure and improve quality performance.
* Collaborate with test engineers on environmental, mechanical, and functional testing reviews to identify quality risks earlier.
* Review and analyze test data, inspection reports, and non-conformance reports to ensure product integrity.
* Prepare quality reports, metrics, and presentations for leadership.
* Support supplier qualification, verification & validation planning, and performance monitoring associated with work transfers.

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* BS degree in Manufacturing, Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial Engineering, or related field.
* 2+ years of quality, manufacturing, or engineering experience in aerospace/defense or other regulated industries. Commercial electronics experience working on complex applications is suitable as well.
* Ability to read and interpret engineering drawings, specifications and basic GD&T.
* Experience participating in cross-functional teams to solve quality issues and drive continual improvement initiatives.
* Exposure to root cause analysis, failure analysis, and problem-solving methodologies.
* Experience using data analysis tools to identify trends and establish metrics using SPC and issue/defect management systems.
* Good communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence and drive improvements in a fast-paced start-up environment.

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Experience using ERP, MES and PLM systems.
* Experience in the Aerospace/Defense industry working with electromechanical assemblies and tests.
* Exposure to Advanced Product Quality elements such as Production Part Approval Processes (PPAP), Control Plans, PFMEA, etc.
* Knowledge of quality management system standards such as ISO 9001, AS9100, and/or other similar standards. Experience with performing or supporting First Article Inspections per AS9102.

  

### **Additional Requirements:**

* Ability to travel up to 25% as needed.

 

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$95,000—$111,500 USD
