---
title: Contracts Administrator
status: archived
id: '6100090004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=6100090004
lastmod: '2026-06-29T18:42:41-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T18:42:40-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Legal Department
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## 

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined high energy microwave c-UAS system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

### Job Summary:

**This is an exciting role at an innovative, late-stage start up company**. The ideal candidate for the position is someone who thrives in a dynamic and fast paced environment with broad discretion to solve problems.  The Contracts Administrator is responsible for the management of U.S. Government and commercial contracts throughout the contract lifecycle, from proposal through closeout. This role ensures compliance with company policies, federal regulations, and contractual requirements, while providing business partnership to program management and functional teams. In this role, you will work closely with a talented compliance team, reporting to Director of Contracts and part of the Legal team. 

## Responsibilities:

* Serve as the primary point of contact for contract-related matters with customers.
* Review requests for proposals (RFPs) and support proposal teams in developing compliant responses. Assist in maintaining inside-sales database.
* Analyze contract terms and conditions and identify business and compliance risks.
* Administer contracts and associated modifications, ensuring timely documentation and communication.
* Interpret and flow down applicable FAR/DFARS clauses to suppliers and internal teams.
* Support the preparation and submission of contractual deliverables and reports.
* Maintain detailed contract files to support internal and external audits.
* Partner with program managers on baseline management, change control, and customer communication.
* Support the drafting and execution of non-disclosure agreements.
* Provide guidance to internal stakeholders on contract compliance and best practices.
* Maintain the company’s agreement repository and dashboard and manage contractrequest workflows through the contract lifecycle management (CLM) system.
* Assist the trade compliance team with maintaining export logs, drafting classification requests, drafting export licenses, and managing the release of export holds in the Oracle system.
* Support the visitor management process.

## Basic Qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in Business or related field, or AA degree and relevant experience.
* Minimum 2 years’ experience in defense, aerospace or manufacturing company in a contracts or subcontracts role
* US Citizen or Permanent Resident (future security clearance may be required)

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Excellent written and oral communication skills
* Collaborative; capable of working across all levels of the organization
* Experience with U.S. Government contracts
* Basic familiarity with US Government export control regulations
* Organized; comfortable working in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
* NCMA or WCCA certification is a plus
* Experience with Oracle ERP and/or CLM tools is a plus

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions.  

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$80,300—$92,400 USD
