---
title: Member of Technical Staff (ML)
status: active
id: 731e2ebc-2e66-458a-9962-0bc880016941
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/reka/731e2ebc-2e66-458a-9962-0bc880016941
lastmod: '2023-08-01T19:09:34.390+00:00'
date: '2023-08-01T19:09:34.390+00:00'
location: US, UK, Remote
departments:
- Technical
---

**As a Member of Technical Staff on Machine Learning, you will:**

* Contribute to the entire development cycle of our cutting-edge large deep learning models.
* Prepare datasets, design architectures, implement solutions, train and evaluate models to improve our products.
* Collaborate closely with engineers and researchers to translate cutting-edge research into practical applications.
* Join us at an exciting moment, wear many hats and help us build something from the ground up!

**You may be a good fit, if you have:**

* Experience with training and evaluating large deep learning models.
* Proficiency in standard deep learning frameworks (e.g. PyTorch, JAX).
* Proven track record of applying and implementing machine learning algorithms into software applications at scale.
* The ability to build in a fast-paced environment under some uncertainty.
* A kind and collaborative nature and work style.

**Reka's Mission**

Reka's mission is to build useful multimodal artificial intelligence and use it to empower organisations and businesses. We are a globally distributed foundation model startup, headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area, California. Embracing a remote-first approach, our team brings together top talent from around the world. Our founding team, along with many of our team members, has contributed to many of the breakthroughs in AI over the past decade.

**Why Reka?**

* **An Elite Team**: Collaborate with top-tier engineers, researchers, operators from renowned organizations like Google DeepMind and Facebook AI Research (FAIR) and successful startups, driving innovation in cutting-edge AI technology.
* **Massive Market Opportunity**: Be part of a rapidly growing industry poised to transform multiple sectors globally, offering the chance to make a significant impact.
* **Mission-Driven Environment**: Work alongside a collaborative, mission-focused team dedicated to advancing AI for meaningful applications.
* **Inclusive and Open Culture**: Thrive in an open and inclusive work environment that values diverse perspectives and fosters creativity.
* **Generous Benefits**: Enjoy 5 weeks of paid leave to recharge, comprehensive healthcare benefits including vision and dental, and additional perks that support your well-being.
* **Visa Support**: We provide visa assistance, including H1B and OPT transfers, for US employees to ensure a smooth transition and support your career with us.
