---
title: Member of Technical Staff (Applied AI)
status: active
id: e059e019-b7f1-4ccb-a53b-1db4f821621c
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/reka/e059e019-b7f1-4ccb-a53b-1db4f821621c
lastmod: '2026-01-21T16:45:01.906+00:00'
date: '2026-01-21T16:45:01.906+00:00'
location: US, UK, Remote
departments:
- Technical
---

**As a Member of Technical Staff on Applied AI, you will:**

* Productionize frontier AI models to solve complex real-world problems.
* Collaborate closely with researchers and other teammates on the latest advancements in AI and ML.
* Work closely with our customers to integrate our models into their technology stack.
* Make direct business impact with a high level of product ownership.
* Be a founding member of a fast-growing team and wear many hats.

**You may be a good fit, if you have:**

* An obsession with customers and a passion for solving practical (but sometimes ambiguous) real-world problems.
* Experience as a machine learning engineer, ideally working on AI products for external customers.
* Background as a technical founder or in a similar capacity.
* Practical experience working with transformer models and LLMs.
* An exceptional ability to communicate and work effectively with cross-functional teams.
* Track records of owning problems end-to-end, and can learn fast and pick up new knowledge to get the job done.
* A kind and collaborative nature and work style.

**Reka's Mission**

Reka's mission is to build useful multimodal artificial intelligence and use it to empower organisations and businesses. We are a globally distributed foundation model startup, headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area, California. Embracing a remote-first approach, our team brings together top talent from around the world. Our founding team, along with many of our team members, has contributed to many of the breakthroughs in AI over the past decade.

**Why Reka?**

* **An Elite Team**: Collaborate with top-tier engineers, researchers, operators from renowned organizations like Google DeepMind and Facebook AI Research (FAIR) and successful startups, driving innovation in cutting-edge AI technology.
* **Massive Market Opportunity**: Be part of a rapidly growing industry poised to transform multiple sectors globally, offering the chance to make a significant impact.
* **Mission-Driven Environment**: Work alongside a collaborative, mission-focused team dedicated to advancing AI for meaningful applications.
* **Inclusive and Open Culture**: Thrive in an open and inclusive work environment that values diverse perspectives and fosters creativity.
* **Generous Benefits**: Enjoy 5 weeks of paid leave to recharge, comprehensive healthcare benefits including vision and dental, and additional perks that support your well-being.
* **Visa Support**: We provide visa assistance, including H1B and OPT transfers, for US employees to ensure a smooth transition and support your career with us.
