---
title: AI LLM Development Lead
status: active
id: 6821ac529781ac16b1b3848b
source: sensetime
url: https://hr.sensetime.com/SU60fa3bdabef57c1023fc1cbc/pb/posDetail.html?postId=6821ac529781ac16b1b3848b&postType=society
lastmod: '2025-05-12T16:07:41'
date: '2025-05-12T16:07:41'
departments:
- JV研发中心
---

## 工作内容

• Participate in the development of cutting-edge applications powered by Large Language Models (LLMs), contributing to code implementation, optimization, and debugging.

• Collaborate with senior developers and product teams to understand user requirements and transform them into functional code modules.

• Design, develop, and maintain LLM models within the team’s proprietary LLM framework.

• Implement prompt engineering techniques, context management, and advanced model interaction as part of LLM application development.

• Continuously learn and stay updated with the latest developments in LLM technologies, algorithms, and programming best practices.

• Participate in code reviews, peer programming sessions, and technical discussions, growing your development skills.

• Take part in technical problem-solving, performance optimization, and system debugging under the guidance of senior engineers.

## 任职要求

• Fluent in English (written and spoken).

• Must be based in Riyadh; remote work is not supported.

• Bachelor’s or Master’s degree from global top tier university, major in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Software Engineering, or a related field.

• 2 years of software development experience, including internships or personal projects.

• Solid programming skills in Python/C++/Go or similar languages; familiar with Deep learning framework such as TF, Pytorch; with solid experience in algorithms and implementation complex coding tasks.

• Participation in coding competitions (e.g., ACM ICPC, LeetCode contests) or hackathons is highly preferred.

• Familiarity with LLM APIs, API development, basic prompt engineering, and model integration is an advantage.

• Strong problem-solving skills, logical thinking, and a passion for technology and AI.
