---
title: Project Manager(HK based)
status: active
id: 6836cb37ed91a2307e2712b8
source: sensetime
url: https://hr.sensetime.com/SU60fa3bdabef57c1023fc1cbc/pb/posDetail.html?postId=6836cb37ed91a2307e2712b8&postType=society
lastmod: '2025-05-28T16:37:04'
date: '2025-05-28T16:37:04'
location: 香港
departments:
- 香港技术服务中心
---

## 工作内容

1. Base Location:

Hong Kong, with a focus on supporting the Asia-Pacific regions, including Hong Kong, Macau, and other specified areas.

2. Project Planning and Coordination:

•Collaborate with cross-functional teams (engineering, product, sales) to define project scope, objectives, and deliverables aligned with business goals.

•Develop detailed project plans, timelines, and resource allocation strategies.

•Monitor project progress, track milestones, and adjust plans to mitigate risks and ensure on-time delivery.

3. Technical Leadership and Oversight:

•Provide technical oversight throughout the project lifecycle, ensuring alignment with customer requirements and organizational standards.

•Facilitate communication between technical teams (e.g., product managers, engineers, developers) and stakeholders to resolve bottlenecks and drive decision-making.

•Review technical proposals, architecture designs, and implementation plans to ensure feasibility and requirement alignment.

## 任职要求

1. Educational Qualification:

•Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.

•Certifications in project management (e.g., PMP, Agile/Scrum) are preferred.

2. Experience:

•3+ years of experience in technical project management, preferably in AI, software development, or IT services.

•Proven track record of managing complex projects from initiation to completion.

3. Technical Skills:

•Familiarity with AI technologies (e.g., Generative AI, Computer Vision) and software development practices.

•Proficiency in project management tools (e.g., Jira, Ones, Microsoft Project).

•Understanding of Networking and DevOps practices is an advantage.

4. Communication and Interpersonal Skills:

•Exceptional leadership and stakeholder management skills.

•Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly to non-technical audiences.

•Strong problem-solving and conflict-resolution abilities.

5. Language Proficiency:

•Fluent in Cantonese, Mandarin and English.
