---
title: Investor Relations Manager
status: active
id: 6850e26e3c659c425a41f786
source: sensetime
url: https://hr.sensetime.com/SU60fa3bdabef57c1023fc1cbc/pb/posDetail.html?postId=6850e26e3c659c425a41f786&postType=society
lastmod: '2025-06-17T11:35:02'
date: '2025-06-17T11:35:02'
location: 香港
departments:
- 战略并购
---

## 工作内容

1. Play a key role in managing communications between the company and investors / shareholders, research analysts and other key stakeholders.

2. Provide key supports and data analysis to the capital markets department.

3. Communication including prepare and disseminate accurate and timely information to shareholders, potential investors, and analysts, demonstration of company's showroom products in multiple locations.

4. Investor engagement - organize and conduct investor meetings and roadshows.

5. Preparing investor presentations in English and Chinese.

## 任职要求

1. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, able to establish long-term trust relationships with sell side research analysts and institutional investors.

2. Rigorous and meticulous, with excellent report writing and data analysis skills.

3. Fluent in Chinese and English, proficient in bilingual communication and written reports.

4. Data analytical and the ability to efficiently produce weekly basic analytical reports.

5. Ability to build trusted relationship with internal and external key stakeholders and an excellent team player.

6. Strong attention to detail, project management, and with a proactive, solution-oriented approach to problems.

7. Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, financial data platforms (i.e.: Bloomberg, FactSet).
