---
title: AI Large Language Model R&D
status: active
id: 6870bfaa8131aa76aa04541f
source: sensetime
url: https://hr.sensetime.com/SU60fa3bdabef57c1023fc1cbc/pb/posDetail.html?postId=6870bfaa8131aa76aa04541f&postType=society
lastmod: '2025-07-11T15:39:12'
date: '2025-07-11T15:39:12'
departments:
- 算法与应用开发组
---

## 工作内容

• Core Development & Optimization: Participate in the development of cutting-edge applications powered by Large Language Models (LLMs), contributing to code implementation, performance optimization, and debugging.

• Requirement Translation & Feature Implementation: Collaborate closely with senior developers and product teams to deeply understand user requirements and translate them into high-quality functional modules.

• LLM Models & Framework: Responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of LLM models within the team's proprietary LLM framework.

• Advanced LLM Interaction: Skillfully apply prompt engineering techniques, context management, and advanced model interaction as part of LLM application development.

• Continuous Learning & Growth: Actively learn and stay updated with the latest developments in LLM technologies, algorithms, and programming best practices.

• Collaboration & Skill Enhancement: Actively participate in code reviews, pair programming sessions, and technical discussions to continuously grow your development skills.

• Technical Problem Solving: Under the guidance of senior engineers, participate in technical problem-solving, performance optimization, and system debugging.

• AI Agent System Productionization: Work closely with product and research teams to translate AI agent logic (e.g., tool-use, planning, reasoning) into robust, production-grade systems.

## 任职要求

• Fluent in English (written and spoken).

• Must be based in Riyadh; remote work is not supported.

• Bachelor’s or Master’s degree from global top tier university, major in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Software Engineering, or a related field.

• 2 years of software development experience, including internships or personal projects.

• Solid programming skills in Python/C++/Go or similar languages; familiar with Deep learning framework such as TF, Pytorch; with solid experience in algorithms and implementation complex coding tasks.

• Participation in coding competitions (e.g., ACM ICPC, LeetCode contests) or hackathons is highly preferred.

• Familiarity with LLM workflow development, basic prompt engineering, agent development and model integration is an advantage.

• Familiar with agent development frameworks and protocols such as dify, LangChain, LangGraph, Autogen, MCP, etc., those with actual implementation projects are preferred.

• Strong problem-solving skills, logical thinking, and a passion for technology and AI.
