---
title: Technical Recruiter
status: archived
id: '5044077007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vannevarlabs/jobs/5044077007
lastmod: '2026-05-15T12:04:11-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T12:04:11-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- People
offices:
- Remote
---

**Vannevar is a defense technology company building AI to deter our adversaries.** In the 21st century, conflict moves at algorithmic speed and foresight equals firepower. Our agentic AI is purpose-built to compete with China—from cross-Strait conflict to gray zone coercion. Trained on the most mission-relevant datasets in defense, our technology models adversary behavior, simulates campaigns, and recommends the best course of action to decision makers. Our AI systems are some of the most trusted in the industry and actively used on the front lines of the Indo-Pacific to keep the peace and save lives.

Exceptional technology starts with exceptional people. Vannevar is a small agile team combining world-class engineers with veteran strategists who bring deep expertise in defense and tradecraft. We’re building a company defined by mission impact, user empathy, and disciplined growth. In just three years, we grew from $3M to $80M in ARR, achieved early profitability, and reached unicorn status—proving that disruption doesn’t require an ego, and staying power doesn’t mean standing still.

**About the role**

You will be critical to building the team we need to impact these events. Defense startups are unique in that a small number of highly qualified individuals can make a disproportionate impact on the business, not just in leadership roles but also in engineering and customer-facing roles. You will help hunt for and bring in top performers on key engineering roles across the company. The sourcing and recruitment process often takes creativity to find and close these great candidates, and out-of-the-box thinking is highly encouraged.

We’re a small team of ~200 mission-driven people. We’re highly motivated to help improve the tech available to solve national security issues, and we’re looking for people who are similarly motivated. By joining our small but mighty team, you’ll have a chance to have outsized influence on the process, culture, and norms for recruiting at Vannevar and help us serve our important national security mission.

**What you'll do**

* Conduct full lifecycle recruiting for our technical roles to help build our engineering team **with particular emphasis on sourcing** senior engineering talent across multiple disciplines.
* Work with hiring managers to define the hiring requirements and the interview process for new roles.
* Develop proactive and creative sourcing strategies.
* Drive process improvement and instill recruiting best practices across our teams and hiring managers.
* Proactively communicate and coordinate with candidates, hiring managers, recruiters, and other teammates to create a world class candidate experience.
* Effectively prioritize, organize, and manage the pipelines for multiple concurrent openings.
* Operate with a sense of urgency.

**What we’re looking for**

* 5+ years of recruiting experience
* 3+ years of recruiting experience for a tech or high growth start-up
* 2+ years of recruiting in the defense industry or an adjacent industry
* Full lifecycle recruiting experience, including various interview formats and methodologies
* Experience working with recruiting tools, including ATS tools, resume databases, internet sourcing tools, and spreadsheets.
* Creative strategic sourcing experience

### What we offer

#### Comprehensive Benefits

We’re proud to offer competitive benefits that support our employees. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

* Health, dental, and vision insurance
* Remote friendly with WeWork access
* Unlimited PTO, shared downtime during the federal holiday calendar, and company-wide off time at the end of each year
* 401(k) match
* Lifestyle & wellbeing stipends
* Salary top-up during military reserve duty
* Fully paid parental leave
* Child and pet care reimbursement during travel

Vannevar is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply, even if you don't feel like you're a perfect fit. If you're passionate about contributing to our mission, we'd love to hear from you!

**IMPORTANT NOTICE  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all applicants. Official emails from the company will come from an @vannevarlabs.com domain. Under no circumstances will a legitimate representative from our company contact you to request passwords, financial information, or other sensitive personal data. Please be vigilant of potential scams.**
