---
title: DevOps Engineer
status: archived
id: '5782886004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5782886004
lastmod: '2026-05-19T15:02:40-04:00'
date: '2026-01-28T11:47:10-05:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- DA IO - DoS
offices:
- Customer Site - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is looking for a **DevOps Engineer** to join a small engineering team to be a hands-on-keyboard contributor to the deployment and operation of our public-facing and customer-facing systems in support of national security missions.

You will be responsible for deploying, securing, and monitoring our production, test, and development environments. Our environments are in Digital Ocean and AWS, with most of our applications running in Docker containers. You are a great fit if you are experienced with Ansible, Terraform, and/or other similar tools to manage and automate these types of deployments. Our primary datastore is PostgreSQL, and we also support applications that use MySQL and Elastic.

Most of your day-to-day will be focused on engineering activities and collaborating with our technical team members on system designs and strategic technical decisions. We currently have a deployment window that requires some evening work once a week, and occasional events outside of regular business hours. We prioritize system stability and are very successful in minimizing support calls.

This role is on-site in Rosslyn, VA. This position requires an active TS clearance.

Our teams are doing innovative development across a wide range of technologies, including building large, distributed computing platforms that process huge quantities of data each day, leveraging large language models (LLMs) and generative AI to enrich and improve analysis of that data, and we are supporting important missions of our customers. DevOps is a critical enabler of all of this work and this role is a great opportunity to be a part of it.

**What you will do:**

* **Proactive Problem Solving:** Demonstrate a strong drive to independently identify challenges and propose secure, cost-effective solutions.
* **Operations and Service Mindset:** Building and maintaining a solid and scalable infrastructure to keep our applications available for our customers’ missions is paramount.
* **Mentorship and Collaboration:** Exhibit a passion for collaborating with team members and sharing knowledge to elevate the entire team.
* **Technical Acumen:** Apply deep technical intuition and critical thinking when tackling complex or unfamiliar problems.
* **Adaptability:** Thrive in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments, maintaining focus and delivering high-quality results under pressure.
* **Results-Oriented:** Prioritize metrics-driven outcomes and consistently deliver work that creates measurable, meaningful impact.
* **Documentation Excellence:** Maintain a habit of thoroughly documenting code, system designs, and processes to ensure clarity and long-term maintainability.

**What you will need:**

* **Cloud Experience:** A minimum of two years of experience maintaining production applications in AWS is required, other major cloud service providers is a plus.
* **Database Experience:**We use several databases, including PostgreSQL, MySQL, and Elastic. Experience with SQL is essential.
* **CI/CD and Tooling:** Basic proficiency in CI/CD tooling and pipelines, with hands-on experience using tools like Jenkins, GitHub Actions, or GitLab Pipelines.
* **Containerization and Orchestration:** Experience working with containerization technologies, particularly Docker.
* **WordPress and securing public-facing infrastructure**: Experience managing public-facing WordPress sites, including application firewalling, and edge delivery via Cloudfront/Cloudflare,
* **Automation and Configuration Management:** Experience with tools like Terraform, Ansible, Chef, or Puppet to streamline infrastructure management.
* **Infrastructure Best Practices:** Knowledge of best practices for infrastructure security, reliability, and fault tolerance.
* **Cybersecurity Awareness:** Familiarity with cybersecurity systems and principles to safeguard infrastructure and applications.
* **Development Practices:** Proficiency in software development practices, including version control (e.g., Git), CI/CD pipelines, and agile methodologies.
* **Educational Background:** Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field, or comparable experience.

**Nice to haves:**

* **Proficiency in Scripting:** Strong expertise in scripting languages, with a primary focus on Python and TypeScript.
* **Web Frameworks:** Hands-on experience with React and Flask.
* **Foreign Language Fluency**: While not a requirement for this position, additional language skills would strengthen the team’s ability to meet occasional multilingual requirements.

**Security Clearance:**

* Active TS clearance Required

 #LI-JB1

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$101,100—$182,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
