---
title: Senior Vulnerability Researcher
status: archived
id: '5819546004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5819546004
lastmod: '2026-05-29T16:37:38-04:00'
date: '2026-03-12T17:56:23-04:00'
location: Dayton, Ohio
departments:
- TE2 Effects - Comm Systems
offices:
- 'TST Office (4021 Executive Drive, Suite 101) - Beavercreek, OH '
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity:**

**Join the Trusted Electronics & Effects team at Two Six Technologies in Dayton, Ohio**, where we push the boundaries of software and firmware reverse engineering to uncover vulnerabilities in wireless and embedded systems. As part of our elite team of security researchers, you’ll work alongside CNO developers and hardware engineers, conducting cutting-edge vulnerability research on complex, real-world targets.

Our government customers rely on us to deliver mission-critical security solutions, and we’re looking for a **Senior Vulnerability Researcher** who thrives on reverse engineering embedded systems, discovering security weaknesses, and developing innovative proof-of-concept exploits. If you’re passionate about wireless security, embedded firmware analysis, and making an impact on national security, we want you on our team.

**What you will do:**

* Conduct comprehensive reverse engineering on a variety of embedded systems
* Perform static and dynamic analysis to find security vulnerabilities in embedded systems
* Develop proof of concept capabilities to show research progress
* Document research findings to further the team’s understanding of embedded systems
* Collaborate with other disciplines to deliver solutions to our customers

**What you will need (basic qualifications):**

* Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field
* Knowledge of \*nix operating systems
* Knowledge of common network protocols TCP/IP, UDP, or HTTP
* Proficiency with at least one modern debugger such as GDB or WinDBG
* Proficiency in at least one modern decompiler such as Ghidra, IDA, or Binary Ninja
* Proficiency in at least one native programming language such as C or C++
* Proficiency in at least one scripting language such as Python
* Proficiency in at least one assembly language such as x86 or ARM
* Active US Security clearance of Secret level and ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI

**Nice to have (preferred):**

* Experience conducting vulnerability research on embedded systems
* Experience with defeating modern migrations such as ASLR, DEP, and Stack Canaries
* Knowledge of cellular standards such as 4G or 5G
* Knowledge of low bandwidth communications such as RS485, RS232, CAN
* Knowledge of Wifi, Bluetooth, Zigbee communication
* Previous experience in a client-facing technical role
* Participation in CTFs or evidence of independent security research projects

**Security Clearance:**

* Active US Security clearance of Secret level and ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI

#LI-ZS1

#LI-HYBRID

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$97,944—$168,095 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
