---
title: 'Senior Software Test Engineer '
status: archived
id: '5998450004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/5998450004
lastmod: '2026-06-03T14:20:01-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T14:20:01-04:00'
location: Arlington, Virginia
departments:
- DA - Mission Systems
offices:
- TST Main Office (901 N. Stuart St) - Arlington, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is looking to add a **Senior Software Tester** to our team building a next generation global-scale networking situational awareness and command and control platform. In this role you would be responsible for helping to develop and maintain manual functional/user-acceptance tests to assess software product development. You will work closely with the development and field operations teams to evaluate new and existing features, as well as identify and examine defects

This is a hybrid role, working both remotely and at our Arlington, VA headquarters at least 2-3 days per week, and may involve some light travel when transitioning products.

**Responsibilities:**

* Perform software product testing via website interactions and tooling to investigate possible causes of problems
* Develop functional, end-to-end, regression, and performance tests in manual test environments
* Detect and write software defect reports and feature requests
* Understand, reproduce, troubleshoot product defects and work with developers to determine the best resolution
* Assist in the planning and implementation of Testing-Team processes and solutions

**Minimum Qualifications:**

* 5+ years testing experience including working with testing tools for Javascript frameworks such as Selenium
* 3+ years of experience with backend API testing, unit testing and other functional testing
* Bachelor’s degree or comparable relevant experience will be considered
* Basic knowledge of computers, networking, and problem solving
* Experience with any UNIX / LINUX-based operating systems
* Experience with creating automated tests for geospatial libraries such as OpenLayers and CesiumJS
* Solid grasp of technical writing and documentation
* Experience with SQL or other basic database technologies

**Nice If You Have:**

* Military cyber experience, networking experience, or understanding of common military, cyber, or networking vernacular
* Familiarity with virtualization or cloud technologies such as Docker, vSphere, Ansible, or AWS
* Understanding of the Agile Software Development Life Cycle
* Experience refining low-level testing or configuration scripts using Bash, Python, or Javascript
* Experience with creating automated tests for geospatial libraries such as OpenLayers and CesiumJS

**Clearance Qualifications:**

* Ability to obtain and maintain required security clearance up to TS/SCI

#LI-MS1

#hybrid

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$96,700—$148,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
