---
title: 'UI Developer '
status: archived
id: '6004536004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6004536004
lastmod: '2026-05-26T11:25:51-04:00'
date: '2026-05-26T11:25:51-04:00'
location: Aurora, Colorado; Herndon, Virginia
departments:
- DA Advanced Analytics - Intel Space
offices:
- Customer Site - Aurora, CO
- TST Main Office (13865 Sunrise Valley Dr) - Herndon, VA
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

**Overview of Opportunity**

Two Six Technologies is actively seeking a Front-End Developer motivated to learn and contribute to a growing team that is solving complex problems for our intelligence community.  We work in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment.  A successful candidate will be familiar with and interested in working with UI web application frameworks and UI testing.  This position offers the opportunity to provide robust and comprehensive UI features to serve an enterprise level tool supporting users across the IC and the DoW.

**What you will need:**

* 5 or more years of practical experience in software engineering
* Minimum 2 years of JavaScript/TypeScript experience
* Bachelor's degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related discipline from an accredited college or university
* Experience with the following technologies:
* Experience working in collaborative team environments

**Nice to haves:**

* Experience with JavaScript unit testing (e.g., Jasmine, Karma, or Vitest) and end-to-end testing (e.g., Cypress)
* Experience using Git and Jira in a development workflow
* Experience working in an agile environment
* Experience with web visualization frameworks such as D3.js or Cesium
* Experience with SCSS and Bootstrap
* Knowledge of observer design patterns utilizing RxJS or a similar library
* Knowledge of user-centered design principles and experience with Sketch/Figma or equivalent design tools

**Security Clearance:**

* Active TS/SCI required. TS/SCI w. Poly preferred

#LI-JS

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$121,986—$182,979 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
