---
title: ' Senior Technical Operations Engineer '
status: archived
id: '6114656004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/twosixtechnologies/jobs/6114656004
lastmod: '2026-07-14T08:52:55-04:00'
date: '2026-07-14T08:52:55-04:00'
location: San Antonio, Texas
departments:
- DA - Mission Systems
offices:
- Customer Site - San Antonio, TX
---

At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Two Six Technologies is seeking a **Senior Technical Operations Engineer** to perform technical support for our government customers and the military community in **San Antonio, TX**.  This role requires a combination of technical expertise and customer interaction to ensure the successful deployment and operation of our developed warfighting solutions.

This is an opportunity to work with a team of talented and motivated engineers and to make critical contributions to projects that impact our nation and our nation’s warfighters.

This opportunity will be onsite at our customer facility: Joint Base San Antonio.

**Responsibilities:**

* Deploy, configure, and administer product servers on unclassified and classified networks in support of the customer.
* Configure Cloud services to meet cybersecurity and platform specific requirements.
* Utilize SQL to develop custom data visualizations to support mission requirements.
* Provide customer support through the performance of on-site installation, as well as overseeing any necessary diagnoses, troubleshooting, service, and repair of systems.
* Receive, analyze, preprocess, and ingest data into the product data model leveraging   
  Python.
* Participate in the establishment, measurement, and achievement of customer satisfaction metrics.
* Provide client feature requests to project engineering teams and project support personnel.
* Develop and write documentation as required.
* Train and familiarize operators on equipment and systems developed by Two Six Technologies.

**Requirements:**

* A minimum of 5 years of experience working in Cyber Mission Force (CMF) community; Cybersecurity domain experience and knowledge
* 5 years of LINUX experience
* Virtualization experience
* Scripting using Ansible, Python, or similar dynamic languages
* Active Top Secret Clearance with eligibility and willingness to obtain a SCI

**Nice to Have:**

* Experience working in DevOps and/or Agile environment; Atlassian collaboration tools
* Experience with Kubernetes, AWS, Docker
* DoD 8140 (former 8570) IAM/IAT level II or higher certification
* Government or military cyber experience

**Clearance**

* Active Top Secret Clearance and eligibility and willingness to get an SCI

#LI-MS1

#onsite

Two Six Technologies is committed to providing competitive and comprehensive compensation packages that reflect the value we place on our employees and their contributions. We believe in rewarding skills, experience, and performance. Our offerings include but are not limited to, medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, retirement benefits, paid leave, tuition assistance and professional development.

The projected salary range listed for this position is annualized. This is a general guideline and not a guarantee of salary. Salary is one component of our total compensation package and the specific salary offered is determined by various factors, including, but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills, geographic location, as well as contract specific affordability and organizational requirements.

Salary Range

$140,000—$175,000 USD

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out [Two Six Technologies Opportunities](https://twosixtech.com/careers/current-opportunities/) for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the [Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey](https://twosixtech.com/careers/candidate-resources/)!  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  [Two Six Technologies News](https://twosixtech.com/about/news/)  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at [Contact Two Six Technologies](https://twosixtech.com/contact/). We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. For more information review the Two Six Technologies [Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/Two-Six-EEO-Policy-Statement-2026.pdf) and the [EEO Poster](https://twosixtech.com/wp-content/uploads/TST-EEO-Know-Your-Rights-2026.pdf). 

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to [accommodations@twosixtech.com](mailto:accommodations@twosixtech.com). Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
