---
title: (Senior) Technical Documentation Specialist
status: archived
id: '4596540101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4596540101?gh_jid=4596540101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2025-05-27T03:51:51-04:00'
location: Munich - Berlin; Remote
departments:
- Systems Architecture
offices:
- Berlin
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

In this role, you will be pivotal in crafting and managing technical documents that underpin our products and operational processes, with a specific focus on meeting military standards. Your responsibilities will include the preparation and coordination of diverse documentation such as operating manuals, maintenance guides, and catalogues.

## **The day-to-day**

* Prepare and update technical documentation in accordance with military specifications and standards, including but not limited to operating manuals, maintenance guides, and parts catalogues
* Collect and analyze technical information from drawings, specifications, and schematics, ensuring all documentation accurately reflects these details
* Collaborate with engineering and development teams to ensure the precision and thoroughness of technical documents
* Utilize specialized software, such as Adobe FrameMaker and MS Office, to craft and edit documents and illustrations
* Ensure all documentation complies with relevant industry and military standards, aligning with client requirements
* Manage entire documentation projects from inception through completion, ensuring adherence to quality and consistency
* Facilitate the digital integration and delivery of documentation to clients, ensuring seamless data transfer
* Coordinate documentation processes with external service providers as necessary, maintaining compliance with military specifications

## **You should apply if you**

* Completed technical vocational training or degree, with experience in technical documentation and military standards preferred
* An excellent technical understanding
* Experience with ASD specifications such as S1000D, S2000M, or S3000L
* Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and familiarity with documentation software such as Adobe FrameMaker, Photoshop, or Illustrator
* Excellent organisational and analytical skills, with a strong attention to detail
* Capability to understand and interpret complex technical drawings and datasets
* Effective communication skills; fluency in both German and English is required
* Self-motivated with the capability to work independently and manage multiple projects efficiently
* Knowledge of ERP systems and database management; experience with military specifications is an advantage
* Experience in the defence industry is a plus

**Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.**

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## **What we offer**

* A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking
* Competitive compensation and VSOP options
* Relocation support
* Social and education allowances
* Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

#LI-DNI

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
