---
title: Flight Control Laws Engineer
status: archived
id: '4682783101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4682783101?gh_jid=4682783101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2025-10-02T10:31:21-04:00'
location: Munich
departments:
- AI & Engineering
offices:
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

At Helsing, we deliver AI-based capabilities and the enabling foundation that allow machines to perceive and assist human decision-making. These capabilities build on the dynamics of our platforms, which are shaped by control. You’ll work in a small team and be responsible for Flight Control Laws for aerial platforms from architecture, to development, to flight test.

## The day-to-day

* Own the full cycle of Flight Control Laws development activities from requirements flown down, implementation up to integration and testing
* Contribute to control architectures from high level product needs and characteristics
* Contribute to Linear design – trimming and linearising flight dynamics models, gain design and linear analyses
* Contribute to Nonlinear design and verification, and clearance testing
* Target hardware integration and testing
* Support risk and safety assessments
* Actively work on improving processes, methods, and tools for flight control
* Analyse flight tests and investigate in response to findings

## **You should apply if you**

* Hold a M.Sc. in Aeronautical Engineering or an equivalent degree.
* Have at least 5 years of professional experience in Flight Control Law development in fly-by-wire programs
* Are willing to build things and to do what it takes to make them work. Not just execute a process, but shape a product and the underlying processes to build it
* Are very familiar with Matlab/Simulink
* Have a solid background in aerodynamics and flight dynamics- you understand the physics you want to control beyond what may be represented in A and B matrices
* Have previous experience with ARP 4754A and DO-178C
* Have excellent communication skills and the ability to report and present findings clearly and efficiently both internally and externally.
* Possess solid software engineering skills, writing clean and well-structured code in Matlab and intuitive Simulink diagrams

**Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.**

## **Nice to Have**

* Previous experience with integration of software on target hardware and in integration environments
* (Private) pilot license and/or flying RC model planes

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## What we offer

* A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking
* Competitive compensation and VSOP options
* Relocation support
* Social and education allowances
* Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe
* A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
