---
title: Supplier Quality Control Engineer
status: archived
id: '4862624101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4862624101?gh_jid=4862624101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2026-05-11T02:51:53-04:00'
location: Munich
departments:
- Production Operations
offices:
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

As a Supplier Quality Control Engineer, you are responsible for incoming conformity verification and supplier auditing process. You work in close relation with our Production Team and other Quality functions to secure the high quality standard of our products.

## The day-to-day

* Managing and assuring the quality of supplied components and assemblies for the serial production of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) and electronic systems.
* Defining, monitoring, and optimising quality processes, inspection plans, and control points in collaboration with our suppliers.
* Analysing supplier performance data and leading root cause analysis activities (e.g., 8D, Ishikawa, FMEA) to implement robust corrective and preventative actions.
* Supporting New Product Introduction (NPI) projects to ensure a seamless transition from product development into serial production within the supply chain.
* Conducting and documenting goods-inward, in-process, and final inspections of supplier products to verify conformance to specification.
* Developing and maintaining key performance indicators (KPIs) for supplier quality and driving proactive defect prevention measures.
* Ensuring supplier compliance with stringent quality standards and certification requirements, including ISO 9001 and relevant aerospace standards (e.g., AS9100).
* Developing, validating, and maintaining effective test methodologies and inspection equipment at the supplier interface.

## **You should apply if you**

* Degree in Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Production Engineering, or a comparable field
* Several years’ experience in quality assurance or manufacturing, ideally in the aerospace, electronics, or high-tech sector
* Strong knowledge of quality methodologies (FMEA, 8D, SPC, Lean, Six Sigma)
* Experience with testing and measurement techniques, particularly for electronic and mechanical components
* Understanding of UAV technology, sensors, electronics, and mechanical systems is an advantage
* Confident user of ERP and MES systems, as well as quality management software, in particular the use of SAP
* Strong communication skills in English and German

**Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.**

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## What we offer

* **Competitive salary** and **VSOP options**
* **Relocation support**: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* **Learning**: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* **Health & wellness**: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* **Social**: regular company events and monthly social allowances
* **Enhanced parental leave**: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers & 6 weeks for secondary caregivers
* **Family support:** 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work
* A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
