---
title: Quality Process Manager - Production
status: archived
id: '4862618101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4862618101?gh_jid=4862618101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2026-05-08T11:11:11-04:00'
location: Munich
departments:
- Production Operations
offices:
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

As Quality Process Manager you own the competency and provide experience on applied Quality methodes and tools e.g. APQP, issue, manage and maintain Inspection Planning as an integrated ERP element to drive for excellence. You act as quality consultant, monitoring and improvement function in Helsings production environment by maintaining, surveillance and calibration of Quality KPI’s and Processes. Maintaining and controling certification critical production quality aspects round up your role.

## The day-to-day

* Apply APQP while owning elements e.g. CP as well act as moderator
* Issue, maintain and releas ERP based inspection plans incl. allocated attributes
* Review and analytics on manufacturing data to identify recurrent issues and drive efficient root cause corrective action and improvement initiatives
* Control and oversight of quality authorization and certification data
* Qperational shop floor surveillance for process compliance and improvement
* Consult and support production teams on any Quality topic, and contribute to internal and external audits
* Support the development, monitoring and review of KPI’s via e.g. SQCDP in your area across different management levels
* Ensure compliance to internal QMS, EN9100 and others applicable standards

## **You should apply if you**

* Carry a Technical or Quality related education / study with min. 5 years of quality management experience in a similar role within electronics, machinery or plant engineering, automotive, or aerospace
* Deliver applied experience on SAP Insepction planning, Q-Methods and tools like APQP, SQCDP, 8D/9S, Lean, can be proven by certificate, and a good understanding of special processes is of advantage.
* Own Capability to read, understand, and apply technical and procedural documents ( Engineering drawings / Inspection procedures / industry Norms ) and experience in maintaining IT Software applications MS Office, QA SW if applicable. SAP experience is essential.
* Can work independently as well in a team and subordinate him/herself with the ability to assert oneself and respect other positions
* Maintain a process oriented attitude and mindset with flexibility and creativity to achieve given goals in quality and on time
* Are equipped with Good communication skills in English, German of advantage
* Own Flexibility to work on different sides and readiness for business trips

**Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.**

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## What we offer

* **Competitive salary** and **VSOP options**
* **Relocation support**: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* **Learning**: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* **Health & wellness**: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* **Social**: regular company events and monthly social allowances
* **Enhanced parental leave**: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers & 6 weeks for secondary caregivers
* **Family support:** 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work
* A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
