---
title: Radio Engineer
status: archived
id: '4865734101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4865734101?gh_jid=4865734101
lastmod: '2026-05-21T09:48:15-04:00'
date: '2026-05-13T08:04:39-04:00'
location: Munich
departments:
- Systems Architecture
offices:
- Munich
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

AI-driven, autonomous systems cannot replace human decision making. To keep the human in the loop communication to remote unmanned vehicles is crucial. As Radio Engineer you will work in one of the most contested domains of the modern battlefield: The electromagnetic spectrum! You are the key to ensure the right decision can be made at the right time. You will own radio communication end-to-end as part of new product design and iterations on existing systems. You make pragmatic decisions when to integrate available solutions and when to develop new capabilities that shape the contested environment of the frontline RF space.

## **The day-to-day**

* Stay on top of the market and the ever-changing battlefield situations to identify existing, promising or missing RF solutions

* Test, validate and integrate radio systems into newly developed and existing products and work against customer and internal requirements to build reliable radio solutions

* Collaborate with internal teams and external companies to develop new antenna and radio solutions custom-shaped to what is needed for mission success

* Shape discussions and opportunities inside the company as a go-to expert for radio communications

* Collaborate with governmental bodies to get permissions for licensed bands and power outputs to test and show the true power of modern radio systems in the regulated RF domain

* Work with external partners to get access to special equipment and build up an internal lab for commonly executed tests

## **You should apply if you**

* Hold a degree in Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications Engineering, Software Engineering or a related field

* Possess a strong understanding how radio technology works and where its limitations lie

* Have strong communication skills and enjoy working with internal stakeholders and external companies to get things done

* Are pragmatic and you have to validate your calculated expectations in the real world to be satisfied.

**Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.**

## **Nice to Have**

* Designed, built and evaluated a custom antenna Built, worked on or implemented a Software Defined Radio Experience in the defence industry or contested RF environments Knowledge about designing a radio frontend and get it manufactured

* Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields

* Collaborate with governmental bodies to get permissions for licensed bands and power outputs to test and show the true power of modern radio systems in the regulated RF domain Work with external partners to get access to special equipment and build up an internal lab for commonly executed tests

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## **What we offer**

* **Competitive salary** and **VSOP options**
* **Relocation support**: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* **Learning**: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* **Health & wellness**: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* **Social**: regularly company events and monthly social allowances
* **Enhanced parental leave**: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers & 6 weeks for secondary caregivers.
* **Family support:** 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work

These are the core benefits across all locations, there may be additional benefits in certain locations.

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
