---
title: Team Assistant
status: archived
id: '4898125101'
source: greenhouse
url: https://helsing.ai/jobs/4898125101?gh_jid=4898125101
lastmod: '2026-07-06T10:31:19-04:00'
date: '2026-06-16T02:39:39-04:00'
location: London
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- London
---

## **Who we are**

Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. 

As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously. 

We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers. We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.

## **The role**

As Team Assistant, you'll be the backbone of support for Helsing's leadership team, especially in government and industry engagements. Your expertise in organising high-stakes meetings and handling correspondence will enhance collaboration with senior external officials. You’ll ensure seamless operations with precise travel arrangements and efficient administrative systems, enabling swift responses to internal and external needs.

## **The day-to-day**

* Act as the primary point of contact for the team, managing communications with internal departments, external stakeholders, and service providers to ensure clear information flow
* Manage complex agendas and resolve schedule conflicts proactively to optimise the leadership team's time and efficiency
* Organise comprehensive domestic and international travel itineraries, taking full ownership of logistics to ensure seamless business trips
* Process travel expense reports and manage general team expenses accurately to maintain financial compliance
* Coordinate meetings and correspond confidently with senior external officials across business and government sectors, as well as internal executive leadership
* Filter and prioritise incoming requests, assuming responsibility for directing critical communications to the appropriate channels efficiently

## **You should apply if you**

* Demonstrate excellence in written and verbal communication, with a proven ability to engage effectively with senior officials across private and public sectors
* Prioritise tasks effectively and maintain structure in a fast-paced environment, adapting flexibly to daily operational requirements
* Exercise a high degree of professional judgement, reliability, and absolute discretion when handling sensitive information
* Possess a strong command of standard administrative software, including MS Office and Outlook, to manage complex scheduling
* Bring proven competency in administration, workplace coordination, or similar support functions, enabling you to anticipate team needs

*Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically* *under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.*

## **Nice to Have**

* Demonstrate proficiency using SAP Concur or similar expense management systems
* Bring established competencies in advanced travel management and comprehensive event planning
* Possess an understanding of operational rhythms within high-growth or technology environments

## **Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields**

* Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns
* The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world
* Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward
* In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts
* We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about

## **What we offer**

* **Competitive salary** and **VSOP options**
* **Relocation support**: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation
* **Learning**: €500/£450 yearly allowance
* **Health & wellness**: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)
* **Social**: regularly company events and monthly social allowances
* **Enhanced parental leave**: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers & 6 weeks for secondary caregivers.
* **Family support:** 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work

These are the core benefits across all locations, there may be additional benefits in certain locations.

*Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.*

Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found [here](https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/).
