---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Simulation
status: active
id: '5401358'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=5401358
lastmod: '2026-06-15T17:29:03-04:00'
date: '2023-11-14T13:10:17-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- AI Platform
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us—that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.

Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale—from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.

With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.

Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**Simulation is at the core of autonomy development. The Simulation team is responsible for building the simulator that powers all simulations at Nuro, allowing us to develop and test our autonomous driving technology with confidence. The team focuses on solving many novel simulation problems with innovative and creative solutions - from synthesizing sensor data and automated scenario generation, to performance and resource optimization, to framework and interface design - collaborating with teams across the company to set and expand the range of what’s possible to simulate.

**About the Work**

* Expand the functionality, performance, and usability of our simulator.
* Develop innovative solutions to improve simulation realism and coverage through synthesis.
* Design and build solutions to unify and simplify the interactions of complex systems.
* Work across a large array of potential efforts, ranging from new greenfield projects to expanding/scaling existing systems.
* Collaborate closely with autonomy engineers and build an understanding of how autonomy works to formulate the best solutions.

**About You**

* You have 3+ years of experience working in software engineering or related fields.
* You are a talented software developer with experience in C++ and Python.
* You enjoy tackling challenges in new problem spaces, solving pivotal problems, and building real solutions that bring your ideas to life.
* You thrive in a highly collaborative environment, working effectively with engineers, PMs, and other stakeholders on project ideas, prioritization, and execution.
* You have a high standard of technical excellence and have experience maintaining and raising the technical bar for your team.
* You’re experienced with all stages of a project’s lifecycle. You can quickly take a project from zero to one or scale an existing one up to be relied upon in critical pipelines and workflows.
* You have start-up DNA: You have demonstrated an ability to thrive in the ambiguity of a dynamic, start-up environment or have the DNA to do so.
* You are passionate about bettering everyday life through robotics.

**Bonus Points** 

* Previous experience in simulation for autonomous vehicles or other areas of autonomous vehicle development.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #li-dnp*
