---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Perception, Machine Learning/Computer Vision
status: active
id: '6516915'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=6516915
lastmod: '2026-07-22T17:30:52-04:00'
date: '2025-01-14T15:25:12-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Autonomy
offices:
- California - HQ
---

## **Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

## **About the Role**

Our team is growing and we are looking for experienced machine learning researchers and engineers to join us. In this role, you will apply your expertise in machine learning to solve an array of challenges in Nuro's autonomy stack — detection with sensor fusion, tracking, fine grained classification, human intent understanding, to name a few.

## **About the Work**

* You will be involved in all stages of problem solving, including initial proof of concept, model iteration, onboard deployment, and on-road performance monitoring and troubleshooting.
* You will develop techniques and/or processes that allow us to train models that are able to utilize massive scale of data, but still keep the model onboard latency in check so that it is deployable.
* You will have the opportunity to take a novel problem, assume the ownership, and just go deep on it.

## **About You**

* Recent experience in applying state-of-the-art deep learning techniques to solving autonomous driving problems, such as modern object detection models, sensor fusion, and multiple task learning.
* Strong ML fundamentals and has demonstrated experience building and expanding model architectures
* Strong SWE fundamentals and has demonstrated SWE experience in both high and low-level languages (Python and C++)
* Bonus: Experience in deploying models in real time environments. Optimizing architectures to explore the accuracy vs. compute tradeoff
* Bonus: Experience working with productizing ML models and the infrastructure supporting model development (data, large scale training, eval, etc)

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected pay range is between $183,825.00 and $275,975.00/year for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*
