---
title: Senior/Staff Engineer, Machine Learning - Online Mapping
status: active
id: '6621871'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=6621871
lastmod: '2026-06-15T16:28:20-04:00'
date: '2025-06-09T19:06:03-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Autonomy
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Team**

Our robotics team is growing and we are looking for an ML Software Engineer to join our Online Mapping team. We are searching for an engineer with robotics and machine learning expertise to work on challenging problems in the design and implementation of onboard mapping models and algorithms, data and label management, as well as training pipelines.

**About the Role**Building robust ML and/or mapping systems that work with real data (cameras, LiDAR, etc.) in uncertain environments, and a strong desire to contribute to the future of robot navigation for logistics and transportation.

**About the Work**

* Research, develop, and implement state-of-the-art online mapping models and algorithms.
* Analyze and characterize the performance of the online mapping system, identifying opportunities for architecture, data or evaluation improvements in a E2E ML system.
* Work cross functionally with other ML teams to integrate our models into centralized architectures.
* Collaborate with stakeholders across autonomy, infrastructure, and systems teams on online mapping needs and requirements.

**About You**

* Proven record of solving in-production ML problems and making tradeoffs between data, model and evaluation.
* Deep understanding of ML fundamentals with hands-on experience in training and evaluating modern ML models with applications in AV, robotics, mapping, computer vision, or related areas.
* Prioritize impact and practicality, and make decisions to ensure on-time delivery of solutions.
* Able to quickly iterate and experiment to cut through the noise and make well-informed, data-driven decisions.
* Experience with robotics-related ML applications, 3D geometry.
* Strong Python skills with experience in deep learning frameworks, e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow, or Jax.

 

**Bonus Points**

* Proficiency in working with complex multi-component systems.
* Experience in building ML pipelines and optimizing/productizing ML models.
* Familiarity with modern ML tools and infrastructure such as distributed training and ML compilers.
* Demonstrated research publications in top conferences (e.g. NeurIPS, ICLR, ICML, CVPR, RSS, CoRL, ICRA).
* Deep understanding of 3D geometry and state estimation fundamentals.

 

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $183,825 and $333,925 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
