---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Behavior Planning
status: active
id: '6953540'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=6953540
lastmod: '2026-06-16T14:02:09-04:00'
date: '2025-06-05T12:55:11-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Autonomy
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**The behavior team at Nuro develops the Nuro Driver’s prediction and planning systems to enable safe, driverless autonomy. We are looking for strong software engineers to research, develop, and implement technologies for Nuro’s planning stack to empower all rides on all roads.  
This encompasses building a generalizable and scalable ML planner that can power L4 driving for robotaxi applications as well as serve as an L2 solution for the largest auto manufacturers in the world. Operating domains of the Nuro Driver™ vary from structured surface streets and highways to more unstructured areas such as parking lot driving, parking and multi-point turns in busy traffic situations.  
You’ll be developing state-of-the-art algorithms to enable the Nuro Driver to safely and reliably plan and navigate complex situations in a human-like manner. You will work on intelligent strategies on how to leverage diverse data to have the biggest impact in our learned behavior stack. If you want to implement cutting-edge robotics and machine learning technologies in a collaborative environment with immediate impact, come and join us!

**About the Work**

* Design and implement novel robotics and machine learning technologies for the Nuro Driver.
* Work cross-functionally with engineers across behavior, perception, mapping, and ML research to advance the state-of-the-art in autonomous driving.
* Implement practical solutions with production-ready software, to deploy new technologies on real vehicle platforms in a safe, performant, and scalable way.
* Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior members of the behavior team

**About You**

* PhD or Masters Degree in robotics, computer science, mechanical/aerospace engineering, electrical engineering, mathematics, or related field.
* Robotics expertise in areas such as path planning, motion planning, trajectory generation, behavior planning, optimal control.
* Machine learning experience with techniques such as deep learning, reinforcement learning, imitation learning, transformers, and diffusion models.
* Experience in optimizing model performance through efficient processing, visualization, and analysis of large datasets.
* Strong software development skills and Python/C++ coding proficiency.
* Ability to collaborate within and across teams and derive best solutions from cross-functional interactions.
* Desire to work at the edge of research and development, bringing algorithms from research into production.
* Bonus: hands-on experience developing software for safety-critical systems, distributed training, or inference optimization.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.   
  
At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150/year for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*
