---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Localization and Mapping
status: active
id: '7003547'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7003547
lastmod: '2026-06-15T16:26:57-04:00'
date: '2025-12-05T13:29:00-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Autonomy
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**

Our robotics team is growing and we are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Localization & Mapping team. You will be working on challenging problems in the design and implementation of the map system used on our current and future robots. We're searching for an engineer with experience building robust map systems that work with real data in uncertain environments, and a strong desire to contribute to the future of robot navigation for logistics and transportation.

**About the Work**

* Research, develop, and implement state of the art mapping and/or state estimation algorithms.
* Analyze and characterize the accuracy and performance of mapping and/or state estimation algorithms while creating map solutions from various types of data sources.
* Build well-tested C++ software and deploy and test on our robotic platforms and in simulation.
* Work in a small, focused team to deliver high-quality mapping and localization solutions that power the next generation of mobile robots.
* Collaborate with stakeholders across autonomy, infrastructure, and systems teams on map needs and requirements.

**About You**

* 2+ years of industry experience as a software engineer.
* Strong C/C++ programming skills, developing well-tested, safety critical software.
* Hands-on experience developing mapping and/or localization algorithms for AV, drones, or similar applications.
* Deep understanding of state estimation, probabilistic filtering, 3D geometry.
* Experience working with multiple sensors (lidar, camera, etc.).

**Bonus Points** 

* PHD and/or Masters Degree in computer science, electrical engineering, robotics, or related field.
* Experience with mapping data such as satellite imagery, lidar point clouds, standard definition (SD) maps.
* Proficiency in python.
* Experience with machine learning pipelines and/or machine learning for perception and/or mapping.

 

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
