---
title: Senior ML Research Scientist, End-to-End Autonomous Driving
status: active
id: '7095296'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7095296
lastmod: '2026-06-15T16:35:15-04:00'
date: '2025-07-22T23:17:04-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Autonomy
offices:
- California - HQ
---

## **Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

## **About the Role**

In this role, you will be a member of the Perception & Behavior team, leveraging the cutting edge of machine learning research to solve challenging real-world robotics problems. This role is focused on bringing advancements in the field of ML and large-scale learning to the AV domain, moving towards a more end-to-end autonomous driving system.

This role requires working with and developing large models for perception and behavior, keeping up-to-date and experimenting with state-of-the-art architectures quickly and efficiently, collaborating with other teams to determine data and infrastructure support needs, and working to improve model optimization and inference speeds. You will use your applied research skills to think through the creation and deployment of these ML models on our autonomous vehicles while working alongside talented researchers in the field. If you love solving fundamental AI challenges and deploying your solutions on robots used in the real world, come join us!

## **About the Work**

* Work on and advance the state-of-the-art in end-to-end ML models for AV, from processing raw sensor data (camera, LiDAR, radar) to generating behaviors.
* Experiment quickly and fail fast while leveraging massive real-world driving datasets and large-scale compute infrastructure.
* Research and apply novel solutions to some of the most challenging problems in AVs, including long-tail event handling, safe, verifiable reasoning and comfort in AV.
* Collaborate with autonomy teams to understand top autonomy challenges and design roadmaps for solving them with holistic, learned solutions.
* Work with infrastructure, data and evaluation teams to build effective and efficient data, training, evaluation, and validation pipelines.
* Develop practical, performant solutions and deploy them to the NuroDriver on-road!

## **About You**

You have deep expertise and prior experience in some or many of the following areas:

* You have an M.S. or Ph.D. (preferred) in addition to 3+ years of experience focusing on one or more of the following: Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, or a closely related field.
* You have subject matter expertise and research experience in one or more of the following areas: Machine Learning (required), End-to-End Autonomous Driving Models, Imitation Learning, Reinforcement Learning, or World Models.
* You have strong problem-solving and programming skills in Python (required) and C++ (preferred) and utilize coding best practices as a part of your work.
* You are an independent researcher able to push multi-faceted projects forwards, collaborate across organizations, and deliver results in a timely manner.
* You have demonstrated research publications at major conferences (e.g., CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CoRL, RSS, ICRA).
* You are a strong culture fit, a great team player, and thrive in a fast-paced research and development environment.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected pay range is between $183,825.00 and $275,975.00/year for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*
