---
title: Senior/Staff Software Engineer,  Behavior Verification
status: active
id: '7243150'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7243150
lastmod: '2026-06-16T13:35:44-04:00'
date: '2025-10-13T14:47:14-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Systems
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**

As a Senior/Staff Software Engineer working on driving behavior verification, you are responsible for implementing metrics that evaluate the end-to-end behavior of the Nuro Driver. These metrics will be used to quantify the safety of the driving behavior in our target ODD. This requires prior experience with the development or verification of behavior planning/prediction systems for robots, and a collaborative nature to work closely with a variety of teams across Nuro: Systems, Onboard Software, Simulation, Product, and Operations.

**About the Work**

* Develop and implement in Python generalizable metrics to verify the driving behavior of an autonomous vehicle.
* Leverage a combination of machine learning (ML) models and safety metrics from literature to evaluate the end-to-end driving behavior.
* Evaluate these metrics on a variety of tests: synthetic and log simulation, on-road logs, closed-course testing data, and third-party accident reconstructions.
* Collaborate closely with Systems, Behavior, Perception, Data Science, Product, Legal and Public Trust teams to develop acceptance criteria for metrics and tests.
* Partner with simulation infrastructure and test integration teams to set up automated verification workflows.
* Generate detailed performance and validation reports to prove that the behavior of the autonomous system is safe to deploy in our target Operation Design Domain (ODD).

**About You**

* 5+ years of technical work experience in a relevant area with 3+ years of experience with software development.
* Hands-on software experience, with the ability to code proficiently in Python or C++.
* Bachelor’s Degree or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Robotics, Physics, or related field.
* Strong understanding of robotic systems architecture - how sensing, localization, perception, prediction, behavior, and control modules interact.
* Familiarity with simulation and real-world testing of autonomous systems.
* Highly collaborative in nature, with strong abilities to think and communicate analytically and effectively.

 

**Bonus Points**

* Background in autonomous vehicles ideally with developing software for L4 autonomous.
* Prior experience building computational models for driving behavior or ML based metrics for behavior evaluation.

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $176,400 and $319,720 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
