---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Video Streaming
status: active
id: '7280340'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7280340
lastmod: '2026-06-22T12:16:04-04:00'
date: '2025-10-03T13:40:25-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Fleet Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

## **Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

## **About the Role**

The ability to monitor and assist our vehicles remotely plays a key role in our business strategy. As a Software Engineer, Video Streaming you will work on our in-house Teleoperations platform. You will work with a diverse team of engineers to build the core communication system as well as the cloud platform to connect vehicles and operators. This position involves broad technical understanding in networking algorithms, bandwidth estimation, rate control, computer networking, and real-time communication systems. The team is expected to deliver reliable solutions and license to 3rd party teleoperation usages.

## **About the Work**

* Design and implement an efficient pipeline with state-of-the-art video streaming techniques to deliver high priority real-time data stream
* Build an offline streaming simulation/emulation framework that can help to iterate the video streaming algorithm and predict online performance
* Test systems in real-world environments, gather feedback and drive innovation
* Work with XFN team for on-road network metric collection

## **About You**

* BS/MS in Computer Science or a closely related field and 4+ years of relevant industry experience, or PhD with 2+ years of relevant industry experience.
* Proficient in C/C++ and/or Go
* Familiar with networking protocols such as TCP/IP, socket programming and congestion control etc.
* Strong communication skills

## **Bonus Points**

* Network simulation experience, e.g., network simulator 3
* Real road LTE network metric collection
* Video streaming framework experience, e.g., WebRTC
* Understanding of video codec such as VP8, VP9, H264/265 etc.
* Comfortable with GPU programming

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
