---
title: Software Engineer, AI Platform - New Grad
status: active
id: '7351066'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7351066
lastmod: '2026-06-15T13:18:50-04:00'
date: '2025-10-22T19:06:45-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- AI Platform
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**Our software team is growing, and we are looking for talented engineers **who are graduating by December 2026** to join us and be instrumental to one of the following areas: Data Platform, Onboard Systems, ML Infrastructure, Simulation, or Technical Infrastructure teams.

**About the Work**

Depending on your skill set and areas of interest you will work on some or all of the following:

* **Data Platform:** The Data Platform serves as a comprehensive management system for Nuro AI Driver's data, labels, and metrics, facilitating seamless access functionality. The team focuses on data annotation across various domains, including 2D/3D perception, mapping, behavior trajectory, and language/text. It also handles data ingestion and mining, employing methods such as heuristics and embedding search. Additionally, the platform supports the autonomy evaluation infrastructure by providing detailed introspection.
* **Onboard Systems:** Our onboard system team’s software engineers provide a reliable and high-performance platform that allows our autonomy teams to integrate their autonomy software and algorithms that work across various self-driving platforms. This work requires close collaboration with our software teams, hardware teams, and systems/safety team to make sure new software and hardware work together safely and reliably and resolve onboard error and performance problems.
* **Technical Infrastructure:** this group owns few fundamental services for entire engineering organizations: generic compute platform to host mission-critical workflows such as data processing and simulation, storage management service which manages hundreds of PB of data, cloud infrastructure serves as IaaC which provisions and maintains all cloud resources, engineering productivity provides tools such as build and CI/CD to make engineering work more efficient.

**About You**

You have deep expertise and prior experience in some or many of the following areas:

* You are a current Bachelor’s Degree or Master’s Degree candidate in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or related field, **graduating before July 2026.**
* You have experience in one or more of the following areas: large-scale distributed systems; data storage and processing systems; advanced algorithms using C++ and Python; machine learning, multithreading; x86 architecture; and software performance tuning and optimization, robotics software frameworks, different compute modalities (CPU, GPU, FPGA) etc.
* You have strong problem-solving and programming skills.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $145,000 and $170,000 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
