---
title: 'Head of Commercial Counsel '
status: active
id: '7369016'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7369016
lastmod: '2026-04-23T14:41:33-04:00'
date: '2025-10-31T13:05:37-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.

**About the Role**As Head of Commercial Counsel, you will work closely with the supply chain, business development and other functional teams on commercial transactions that are essential to achieving our mission and powering our daily operations. Principal duties include structuring, drafting, negotiating and advising on commercial agreements, including those for the development and supply of vehicle systems and components, intellectual property, strategic partnerships, software licenses, SaaS, professional services, non-disclosure agreements, general goods and services, and more. This role requires self-direction, the confidence and ability to manage a range of agreements from the rudimentary to the groundbreaking, impeccable attention to detail and follow-through, and an abiding commitment to be part of a congenial team of innovators.

**About the Work**

* You will dive into commercial transactions on day one and solve related legal issues across a wide range of areas, including:

+ Supply Chain
+ Business Development, Product, & Partnerships
+ Intellectual Property & Licensing
+ Data Privacy and Security
+ Marketing
+ Real Estate/Facilities

* Own the contracting process from inception to post-closure. Partner with business and technical teams to lead, negotiate with counterparties and finalize commercial agreements. Concisely explain legal terms, identify related risks and set and execute tactics to achieve the most favorable, risk-mitigated results aligned with company objectives and standards.
* Increase our clients’ legal expertise. Train the company’s diverse teams on the legal requirements and best practices for commercial agreements.
* Continuously improve the contracting process. Actively streamline the contracting process by, among other things, preparing and implementing negotiation playbooks and refining and automating contract management workflows.
* Be a utility player.  As needed, take on opportunities and add value in practice areas beyond commercial transactions such as intellectual property, privacy, marketing, real estate, product/customer-facing transactions, and others.

**About You**

* You’re experienced. You have 8+ years of experience as a lawyer in a fast-growing, technology-focused organization; either in-house, working for similar clients at a top-tier law firm, or both. You have deep commercial contracting expertise and are familiar with IP terms. Automotive, hardware or transportation experience is a plus.
* You’re renowned for your judgment. You have a proven combination of great legal instincts and business acumen. You feel comfortable helping clients evaluate options when it comes to an acceptable risk, and being accountable for calls you make based on sound legal and business judgment.
* You thrive in fast-paced environments, expertly juggling multiple tasks and competing priorities. From driving long-term and complex projects from start to finish to reviewing agreements on a moment’s notice, you’re excited about serving as a go-to legal resource in a fast-paced startup.
* You’re a self-starter and get things done. The opposite of a bottleneck, you are known for driving process and your ability to follow through and find solutions to get results.
* You’re relentless in getting to the right answer. You are as much a master of legal research as you are a creative and collaborative decision-maker, focused on finding the best right answer among competing demands.
* You do your best work within diverse, collaborative teams.  You see legal as an integral and integrated part of the company's mission, pro-actively engaging and providing input to matters.
* You know how to engage with teams and their leaders. You are an expert in helping others separate the important or problematic from the merely urgent, helping other team leaders deliver on their priorities on account of your rigor and hustle.
* You’re a fast and precise writer.  You are comfortable taking first pen on legal documents; able to tailor your writing to audiences; and quickly produce written product that is polished and ready for management and external consumption.
* You care deeply about impact. You are passionate about making a significant impact on the lives of millions of people — and recognize the responsibility that comes with it.
* You’re admitted to at least one state bar and ideally a member of the California Bar. Admission in other jurisdictions is also a plus.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $235,030 and $352,290 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
