---
title: Mechanical Engineer, Autonomous Vehicle
status: active
id: '7384555'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7384555
lastmod: '2026-06-26T12:52:17-04:00'
date: '2025-12-01T14:21:20-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- AV Hardware Engineering
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**We are looking for an experienced mechanical designer to join our world class team of engineers in our Autonomous Vehicle Hardware group. In this role you will be responsible for the research, design, and delivery of our autonomous hardware solutions that enable Nuro’s autonomous systems. This work spans electronics and sensor packaging, technology development, and vehicle integrations to support customer programs. You’ll be developing the hardware solutions that safely and reliably enables our L4 autonomy system across platforms, use cases, and operational conditions..

**About the Work**

* Own the engineering design, development, and release of autonomous hardware necessary to enable the Nuro Driver system across customer platforms.
* Lead the specification and integration in collaboration with our vehicle partners to ensure platform integrations meet the performance needs of our Nuro Driver system and satisfy customer product requirements.
* Work collaboratively across cross-functional teams to develop and execute sensing and electronics architecture for self-driving robots designed for mass deployment on public roads.
* Lead efforts to benchmark performance, integration, and reliability of available electronics technologies that drives internal make vs. buy decisions.
* Own the identification and key suppliers to bring ideas from concept to production readiness.
* Manage designed parts and assemblies through proof-of-concept validation up through production readiness.
* Drive part quality improvements, cost reductions, and efficiency improvements.
* Communicate technical decisions, development plans, and ongoing issues to management.

**About You**

* 4+ years of experience in mechanical design with a proven track record on design, build, and test of electro-mechanical hardware.
* Experience working across the entire production pipeline from personally hand building prototypes to working with quality and manufacturing teams in mass production factory environments.
* Experience using a wide range of manufacturing processes from small scale to high volume, such as rapid prototyping, sheet metal, injection molding, machining, and casting.
* Experience designing for a wide range of materials with ability to create optimal geometry based on cost, weight, strength/durability, and thermal analysis, using both FEA and hand calculations.
* Experience working with reliability teams to create/execute test plans that validate your designs.
* Experience working with fabrication and module vendors to communicate design requirements, incorporate DFM feedback, manage initial production runs, and oversee validation testing.
* Self-starter with strong communication and organizational skills — relentlessly resourceful, with a bias towards action.
* Proficiency with CAD is a must and familiarity with UG NX is a plus.
* Willing and able to support infrequent domestic and international travel.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $120,270 and $180,410 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
