---
title: Technical Lead Manager, Autonomy Evaluation and Intelligence
status: active
id: '7387173'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7387173
lastmod: '2026-06-15T16:38:16-04:00'
date: '2025-11-10T16:25:52-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Autonomy
offices:
- California - HQ
---

### **Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

### **About the Role**

We are looking for an Autonomy Leader to drive the technical roadmap for the systems that validate and verify the intelligence of the NuroDriver. In this role, you will lead the development of evaluation tooling that ensures our technology scales safely to millions of people. You will tackle real-world robotics challenges, bridging the gap between simulation and reality to improve everyday lives.

* **Intelligent Agents:** Design and deploy "smart" evaluation agents that simulate complex interactions.
* **Intelligent Metrics:** Design and deploy advanced algorithms that measure the cognitive performance of the ML models powering our self-driving car’s behavior, utilizing physics-based modeling and machine learning.
* **Close the Learning Loop:** Leverage these evaluation frameworks to identify specific behavioral weaknesses in the NuroDriver, driving technical execution to refine the agent's decision-making logic.
* **Define the Technical Architecture:** Work cross-functionally with Autonomy and Infrastructure engineers to set a roadmap that unifies evaluation frameworks, moving us toward automated, data-driven validation.

### **About You**

We are looking for a leader who possesses deep technical judgment and the ability to inspire a world-class engineering team.

Suggested Qualifications

* **Education:** BS/MS/Phd in Computer Science, Robotics, Statistics, Physics, Math, or a related quantitative field.
* **Experience:** 7+ years of industry expertise and a proven track record of driving team success through proactive mentorship and cross-functional initiative
* **Technical Expertise:** You possess strong domain expertise in AI/ML, robotics, and/or large scale evaluation systems. You have the skills to evaluate complex trade-offs and exercise exceptional technical judgment.
* **Leadership:** You can set an incredibly clear vision and earn the trust of a talented organization. You are capable of aligning the team behind a unified technical strategy.
* **Execution & Urgency:** You possess an inherent sense of urgency and champion fast, high-quality technical execution.
* **People Management:** Experience in hiring, organizing, and fostering a world-class engineering culture, with a passion for inspiring team members to grow their skills.
* **Collaboration:** Ability to work closely with cross functional teams to manage dependencies and ensure the Autonomy team has the compute and infrastructure needed to succeed.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $235,030 and $352,290 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
