---
title: Software Engineer, Routing
status: active
id: '7482347'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7482347
lastmod: '2026-06-25T16:36:41-04:00'
date: '2025-12-17T15:34:13-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Fleet Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.

Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.

With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected. Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**The Routing Team crafts vital services that ensure Nuro Driver™ reaches destinations safely and efficiently. We continuously refine our routing engine to calculate more efficient routes, deliver highly accurate ETAs, and manage scalable traffic for every journey, adapting as our business / geolocation expands and mapping infrastructure evolves.

**About the Work**

* You will work on building and scaling both the backend systems and onboard modules for the Routing team. This includes everything from designing microservices, optimizing our routing algorithms, understanding road network graphs, building monitoring and analytics infrastructure, optimizing our deployment pipeline, and more.
* You will work with product, strategy, and operations teams to design and build new, magical user experiences, and define our product strategy and roadmap.

**About You**

* Technical excellence.
  + You have at least 2+ years of building and scaling realtime server-side applications.
  + You have worked on large-scale complex algorithm problems, and know how to balance correctness and performance.
  + You are proficient in C++ programming
  + You know how to choose the right storage technology for the job. You have experience with a wide-range of databases, including relational (PostgreSQL, MySQL), non-relational (BigTable, Cassandra, Redis, etc), and data warehouses (BigQuery, Snowflake, etc).
  + You know your way around RPC frameworks (gRPC, Thrift) and pubsub systems (Kafka, Cloud PubSub, Celery, etc).
  + Experience in training and inferencing ML models.
  + You have extensive experience working with cloud providers (GCP, AWS, etc).
  + You have experience working with Docker & Kubernetes, or are willing to learn.
* You have a wide-range of technical skills, you love learning new technologies and you’re a quick learner.
* You have a passion for making lives easier for developers. You love working on tooling that will help engineers more easily troubleshoot, debug, and profile their applications.
* You have the knack for making the right tradeoffs. You know when it makes sense to take the quick-and-dirty vs the scalable approach. You can move fluently between the two.
* You care about users. You like to work closely with product and design to build the best product for our consumers.
* You are a great communicator, and you regularly chat with PMs, UXRs, other engineers, and cross-functional stakeholders on product requirements and designs.
* You are impact-driven. You care deeply that your work makes a significant impact on the lives of millions of people.

**Bonus Points**

* Experience with routing algorithms
* Experience with map data and graph data structures
* Experience with robotics
* Experience with ETA modeling

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $145,000 and $219,000 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-CD1*
