---
title: Senior/Staff Systems Engineer, Autonomy Verification
status: active
id: '7564852'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7564852
lastmod: '2026-06-16T13:36:03-04:00'
date: '2026-01-28T13:16:39-05:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Systems
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**

As a Senior/Staff Systems Engineer working on Autonomy Verification, you are responsible for verifying that the Nuro Driver is safe to deploy in our target ODD and complies with the rules of the road. This requires prior experience with the development or validation of autonomous systems, and a collaborative nature to work closely with a variety of teams across Nuro: Autonomy Software, Simulation, Product, and Operations. You will have end-to-end ownership from requirements definition, metrics design, and test strategy development.

**About the Work**

* Create requirements for an autonomous system, ensuring safe operation within its ODD and compliance with the rules of the road.
* Design generalizable metrics and acceptance criteria to verify that the autonomous system satisfies these requirements, leveraging safety standards and methodologies.
* Propose and leverage diverse test strategies - synthetic and log simulation, on-road logs, closed-course testing, third-party accident reconstructions - to verify requirements.
* Collaborate closely with Behavior, Perception, Data Science, Product, Legal, and Public Trust teams to develop acceptance criteria for metrics and tests.
* Partner with simulation infrastructure and test integration teams to set up automated verification workflows.
* Quantify coverage of the tests for our ODD, ensuring simulation realism and relevance for deployment. Link the results from the tests as evidence to support the Autonomy Safety Case.

**About You**

* 5+ years of technical work experience in a relevant area with 3+ years of experience with development or validation of autonomous vehicles/robotic systems.
* Experience creating behavior requirements for SAE L2, L3, or L4 autonomous systems  or other robotic systems to operate safely within its ODD.
* Experience with simulation and real-world testing of autonomous systems.
* Strong understanding of the autonomy architecture - how sensing, localization, perception, prediction, behavior, and control modules interact.
* Hands-on software experience, with the ability to code in Python or C++.
* Highly collaborative in nature, with strong abilities to think and communicate analytically and effectively.

**Bonus Points** 

* Background in autonomous vehicles ideally with L4 AV deployment.
* Prior experience building computational models for driving behavior or ML based metrics for behavior evaluation.
* Familiarity with safety standards and methodologies like STPA, ISO-21448, ISO 8800.
* Experience developing a safety case or compiling evidence supporting a safety case in a structured manner.

 

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $176,400 and $319,720 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
