---
title: Senior Product Manager, City Management Tooling
status: active
id: '7717697'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7717697
lastmod: '2026-06-15T17:28:04-04:00'
date: '2026-03-13T13:34:22-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Mobility & Delivery Product
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us—that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.

Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale—from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.

With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.

Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**One of the responsibilities of the Product Team is to build products that supercharge our operations to safely, efficiently, and effectively power our Autonomous Vehicles. As a Product Manager on the team, you will be responsible for driving high-impact initiatives, working closely with Operations, Design, Engineering, Strategy, Business Development, and Legal.

**About the Work**

* **Empathize with Operators.** You are focused on the users, Operators, and invest the time to deeply understand their various workflows. Hands-on learning - rolling up your sleeves and giving it a try yourself - energizes you.
* **Inform Operations roadmap.** You know what it takes to operate a safe and efficient commercial service. Given your vision of the big picture, you prioritize and define the products needed to make it a reality.
* **Build tools to scale.** You lead the team to define, design, and develop innovative solutions that give our Operations Team “superpowers”. Your step-change products directly influence the number of operators we need to operate each vehicle.
* **Be a force multiplier.**You define and communicate product goals, requirements, and constraints. You surface problems and dig-in to fully understand the root cause. You source and synthesize feedback from internal experts and experiments, which is then incorporated in the solution. You define success, measure progress, and have creative tactics to push the pace.

**About You**

* **Strategic:** You know the value and priority level for every product you are working on and every feature you propose - both to your customer, and to the business overall.
* **Structured Thinker:** You create structure and extract principles for the messiest systems. You surface the most crucial unanswered questions and drive to answers, leveraging an E2E Product Development Process that works for the team.
* **Data-Driven:** You can extract important insights from whatever data is available, even if it is sparse or imperfect. You highlight valuable data we don’t have and how to collect it.
* **Customer-Driven:** You develop deep empathy for your customer, fully internalize their needs, and have a strong intuition about the best ways to meet them.
* **Technically Fluent:** You have experience building tools with engineers and can be the technical representative in conversations without engineers.
* **Trusted Partner:** You know what is blocking your engineers, and how you can make their lives easier. Engineers instinctively turn to you for guidance and clarity.
* **Self-Directed:** You proactively sort out the most important thing to work on. You take accountability for your projects, and don’t need to be told how to execute on them.
* **Influential Communicator:** You are skilled at collecting input from, and presenting insights to both technical and non-technical audiences.

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $160,360 and $240,540 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
