---
title: Senior Systems Test Engineer, Autonomy Behavior
status: active
id: '7736044'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7736044
lastmod: '2026-06-16T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2026-06-08T16:36:35-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Systems
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Team**The Systems Engineering team is responsible for the requirements, architecture, and validation of autonomous driving capabilities across engineering disciplines. This includes designing performance metrics, evaluation methods, and criteria for success, which the team then drives cross-functional via requirement definition and system validation. Systems Engineering works at the intersection of hardware, software, and robot operations, with a deep understanding of technologies in all three. We are a small, high-impact team that sets the checkpoints for autonomy deployment.

**About the Role**

The Senior Systems Test Engineer (STE), Autonomy Behavior role is responsible for transforming Nuro's Verification & Validation (V&V) ecosystem. You will focus on the technical implementation, standardization, and automation of V&V processes. This involves creating a unified, automated architecture for validation , designing and managing streamlined triage workflows , and continuously improving the testing pipelines to drive informed, data-driven autonomy development. Your work is key to proving the system's safety by generating test results that support the Autonomy Safety Case.

**About the Work**

The STE role involves hands-on technical work to design, align, structure, and continuously improve automated test pipelines and workflows:

* Design and implement automated test pipelines and tooling, ensuring easy adoption and minimal friction for Systems engineers.
* Drive standardization across all testing modalities by designing, implementing, and managing unified triage workflows across all workstreams.
* Establish a continuous feedback loop to improve V&V processes, specifically by leading root cause analyses and identifying testing gaps with Systems engineers.
* Turn identified system and pipeline gaps into concrete technical requests for partner teams (e.g., Data Platform, Simulation, Infra).
* Collaborate on and validate implemented solutions with partner teams, providing technical guidance, code review, and documentation to ensure solutions are scalable and meet the needs of Systems engineers.

**About You**

* 5+ years of technical work experience in a relevant area with 3+ years of experience with testing of autonomous vehicles/robotic systems.
* Hands-on software experience with the ability to code in Python or C++ for automation and tooling development.
* Experience in designing, implementing, and managing large scale simulation or test automation pipelines.
* Strong understanding of systems engineering concepts related to autonomy architecture, particularly how sensing, perception, prediction, and planning modules interact.
* Highly collaborative, with strong abilities to think and communicate analytically to drive cross-functional projects and provide technical guidance to partner teams like Simulation and Data Platform.

**Bonus Points** 

* Experience with large scale simulation, or behavior verification, or Fault detection and Response testing for  L2+ autonomous systems.
* Prior experience in defining and implementing triage prioritization strategies and workflows.
* Familiarity with linking test results as evidence to support the Autonomy safety case.
* Experience implementing testing pipelines, validation tooling, and triage workflows for complex projects.

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $160,360 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
