---
title: Software Engineer, Middleware
status: active
id: '7825886'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7825886
lastmod: '2026-06-15T13:20:17-04:00'
date: '2026-04-17T12:13:35-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Fleet Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Team**We are looking for self-motivated engineers to build the next-generation onboard infrastructure for autonomous driving. Our mission is to provide a high-performance, highly reliable foundation of the Nuro Driver™, spanning inter-process communication, logging, monitoring, execution and state management. We actively embrace AI-assisted development, leveraging feature development, root cause analysis, workflow automation to supercharge our velocity. You will collaborate closely with our Autonomy team, hardware teams, AI Platform team, and systems/safety team to make sure the whole autonomy stack works together safely and smoothly..

**About the Work**

* Work on distributed systems inside the vehicle
* Develop high-performance communication between multiple nodes
* Develop logging infrastructure and data collection frameworks for massive volume autonomy and sensor data
* Develop frameworks to start, control, and monitor autonomous modules
* Collaborate with other software teams to build foundational libraries and interfaces, with emphasis on low-latency and high reliability
* Build data pipelines and diagnostics tools to improve the reliability and operational efficiency of onboard software
* Troubleshoot hard-to-reproduce system performance problems

**About You**

* BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science  2+ years of Equivalent industry experience
* Strong system fundamentals and strong C++ skills
* Solid experience developing production-quality software in C++ and Python in areas like self-driving, robotics, embedded Linux system, telecommunication, and other technology industries.
* Deep understanding on Linux operating systems.
* Proven ability to diagnose and resolve complex system performance bottlenecks through analytical troubleshooting.

**Bonus Points**

* Experience with ROS, Apollo Cyber RT, Iceoryx or other robotics frameworks
* Robotics experience, ML inference optimization experience, computer architecture experience
* Experience with GPU programming or NVidia Orin Platform

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $160,000 and $240,000 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-CD1*
