---
title: Senior/Staff Software Engineer, Labeling Platform
status: active
id: '7895639'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7895639
lastmod: '2026-06-15T19:46:37-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T16:37:58-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Offboard Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors

**About the Role**

Nuro takes a machine-learning-first approach to autonomous driving technology. In an ML-first system, the overall system performance depends heavily on the quantity and diversity of its training and evaluation data.

The team plays a crucial role in the advancement of autonomous driving systems by ensuring teams have access to high-quality labeled data. This is facilitated by a comprehensive labeling stack featuring a workflow execution framework, supporting infrastructure, and a suite of data annotation tools. Nuro’s autonomy stack utilizes an industry-leading sensor suite. Our tools must handle the efficient processing and annotation of millions of points of sensor data. Our labeling infrastructure supports millions of scenes weekly.

The platform team’s mission is to make labeled data accessible for all of our users. The system must be reliable and scalable. This includes everything from request submission to progress tracking, to data dumping and model development. The team closely collaborates with autonomy engineers to ensure our labeled data is high-quality and comprehensive. As Nuro prepares to expand and roll out our service, it will be more important than ever to ensure all issues are captured and quickly triaged.

**About the Work**

* Build highly available, fault-tolerant systems for data annotation
* Productionize core infrastructure for our state-of-the-art autonomy system
* Elevate label quality by implementing data-driven metrics and monitoring
* Apply cutting-edge ML research to automate and optimize the data labeling lifecycle

**About You**

* You have a B.Sc. or M.Sc. degree and 5+ years of relevant industry experience
* You have experience in designing, building, and operating highly scalable and reliable distributed data systems.
* You have experience leading cross-team projects and have excellent communication skills
* You are experienced in defining technical visions, creating roadmaps, and setting timelines and prioritization for a team or project.
* You have strong problem-solving and programming skills in Python, C++ or Go

**Bonus Points**

* Experience building reliable large scale distributed systems
* Experience with observability, monitoring and incident management
* Experience applying ML research in real world applications
* Experience leading teams, designing and executing team roadmaps

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $235,030 and $352,290 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
