---
title: Senior/Staff Software Engineer, Data Platform
status: active
id: '7895640'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7895640
lastmod: '2026-05-05T16:37:57-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T16:37:57-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Offboard Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale—empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.

**About the Role**

Nuro takes a machine-learning-first approach to autonomous driving technology. In an ML-first system, the overall system performance depends heavily on the quantity and diversity of its training and evaluation data.

The team plays a crucial role in the advancement of autonomous driving systems by creating a scalable and reliable data infrastructure. This infrastructure is designed to produce training and evaluation data derived from both on-road collected logs and simulation logs. Additionally, the team collaborates closely with system engineers to thoroughly validate the autonomous driving system before its deployment.

**About the Work**

* Design and develop unified, introspectable, large-scale batch and streaming data processing systems that can ingest and process data across a wide range of use cases relevant to evaluation.
* Create and implement a storage system capable of accommodating both the large volume and diverse range of evaluation and performance metrics.
* Construct intuitive dashboards and reports to present evaluation results, facilitating straightforward comparisons that highlight both improvements and regressions.
* Design and develop comprehensive end-to-end data pipelines that streamline the flow from data ingestion to final consumption.
* Develop and maintain continuous testing and monitoring systems to guarantee the integrity and resilience of our data and associated data pipelines

**About You**

* B.Sc or M.Sc. plus 4+ years of relevant work experience
* Strong proficiency in Python, C++, or similar languages
* **Domain experience:** Experience working with large scale data and building scalable & reliable systems / data pipelines; ability to understand and design complex systems
* **Engineering leadership:** Experience setting team or project product and technical vision, timelines and prioritization; formally or informally being a Tech Lead, mentoring and support junior engineers
* **Technical excellence:** Ability and willingness to deep dive into implementation, driving technical standards and best practices across broader software organization
* A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a closely related field

**Bonus Points**

* Strong knowledge of GCP, GCS, BigQuery, or PostgreSQL
* Knowledge of data engineering, and its tooling and best practices
* Knowledge of batch and streaming data processing, warehousing, and analytics solutions
* Experience working with large scale distributed data systems
* Experience with system & framework design
* Experience with data workflow orchestration platforms

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected pay range is between $193,930 and $352,290 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
