---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Autonomy Visualization
status: active
id: '7896065'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7896065
lastmod: '2026-06-15T19:43:44-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T17:45:51-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Offboard Infrastructure
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors

**About the Role**

On the Autonomy Visualization team, your top priority will be developing high-quality visualization platforms. These platforms will allow any software engineer to add new viz elements. Additionally, you’ll also have the opportunity to work end-to-end on viz features and products, exercising both your technical skills, product sense, and cross-functional communication.

**About the Work**

As an Autonomy Visualization Software Engineer, you’ll build business-critical tools that accelerate the development of Nuro’s autonomous driving technology.

* Build performant visualization frameworks in both C++ / OpenGL and Unity to serve multiple critical functions like autonomy development and validation, triage tools, and in-car visualization.
* Be a partner to Autonomy engineers as they seek to improve their development workflow with better visualization.
* Collaborate with ML Labeling teams, as they seek to gather high-quality training data with bespoke labeling tools.
* Interface with product managers and designers to build polished visualizations for external applications that represent Nuro well.

**About You**

* You have 3+ years of software development experience in C++, OpenGL and QT
* You have a basic understanding of graphics concepts (e.g., rendering pipelines, shaders, coordinate systems).
* Prior experience with visualization apps or game engines (OpenGL, Vulkan, Unity, Unreal)
* You’re deeply technical: you enjoy working through thorny performance problems in low-level code, and working with advanced language features.
* You have strong communication skills, and collaborate effectively with colleagues from a wide range of disciplines and backgrounds.
* You bring up those around you through mentorship and feedback. You’re always on the lookout for ways to improve our team’s products, people, and processes.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
