---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Map Platform
status: active
id: '7904958'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=7904958
lastmod: '2026-05-07T14:20:39-04:00'
date: '2026-05-07T14:04:27-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Autonomy
offices:
- California - HQ
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.

**About the Role**

The Mapping team in Nuro takes a machine learning-first path to unblock geographic capability with lower costs. This team plays a crucial role in the advancement of autonomous driving systems by creating and improving different components in the full lifecycle of ML models for multiple teams in this organization. We are searching for an engineer with experience building reliable and scalable machine learning infrastructure and a strong desire to contribute to the future of robot navigation for logistics and transportation.

**About the Work**

* Mainly focus on building and improving HD map generation and release pipelines.
* Develop scalable workflows to manage first party and third party map data.
* Develop and manage APIs for internal users to access data.
* Improve and refactor existing workflows and toolings to boost efficiency.
* Engage with other mapping teams to help identify issues and establish long-term relationships that include knowledge sharing.

**About You**

* BS in Computer Science, Robotics or another quantitative area.
* You have experience in one or more of the following areas: large-scale distributed systems; data storage and processing systems; advanced algorithms using C++ and Python; multithreading; and software performance tuning and optimization.
* Ability to efficiently develop, debug, and support new technologies in a changing environment.
* Strong problem-solving skills and ability to write production-quality clean code.

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.*
