---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer - AV Modules
status: active
id: '8010934'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=8010934
lastmod: '2026-06-22T14:51:29-04:00'
date: '2026-06-22T14:50:31-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- AV Hardware Engineering
---

**Who We Are**  
  
Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Team**Our hardware team is growing and we are looking for a Senior Electrical Engineer to help lead our programs in our mission to better everyday life through robotics. The EE Modules team is a motivated group with a deep commitment to safety, performance, and reliability, which we apply to all of our projects and programs.

**About the Role**As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will help lead a talented cross functional team through full product lifecycles and engagement models ranging from in-house design to ODM and Tier1 projects with domestic and international partners. Our designs include sensors, vehicle controls, bleeding edge AI powered compute and anything our teams need in our journey toward a driverless world.

**About the Work**

* Champion the specification, development, validation, and deployment of state-of-the-art AI hardware in Nuro's self-driving stack and support infrastructure.
* Drive module and system level electrical design spanning CM, JDM, ODM and Tier1 development models.
* Drive technology evaluation (CPU, GPU, ML accelerators, other ASICs) to provide directional guidance on future development paths.
* Mentor and support our talented junior engineers and interns.

**About You**

* Proven experience with High Performance Compute design and deployment
* Demonstrated PCB design skills (schematic/layout), bring up, and debug. Proficient with popular EDA tools.
* Expertise in high speed and high complexity electrical engineering design
* Proficiency with lab equipment such as oscilloscopes multimeters, signal generators, power supplies, network analyzers, and other debugging tools.
* Growth Mindset - our challenges are new and novel and require new and novel solutions.

**Bonus Points** 

* System Architecture experience
* Experience with Nvidia Drive platforms (PX2, Orin, Thor)
* Proficiency in Altium design tools and Ansys simulation suite
* Experience with offshore JDM development
* Knowledge of Verilog, C/C++ and Python is a plus

 

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $160,360 and $240,540 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
