---
title: Software Engineer, Sensor Platform
status: active
id: '8017598'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=8017598
lastmod: '2026-06-18T20:13:35-04:00'
date: '2026-06-18T20:13:35-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Fleet Infrastructure
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.

Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.

With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.

Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Team**

The Devices Platform team's mandate is to lay the foundation of Nuro's onboard software for our sensor and compute platform, including device drivers, inter-device protocols and pipelines, and device runtime APIs. Sensors and compute hardware are the eyes, ears, and brains of our self-driving robots. We are creating the hardware-agnostic platform to be used by the perception and autonomy SW stack, and to realize the full potential of our sensor and compute HW in reliability, quality, and performance. The projects we work on are high impact and high visibility within Nuro. This team is also responsible for working with internal stakeholders and external suppliers to define, evaluate, integrate the next generation HW platform for Nuro's products and to build the necessary tooling to assist continuous testing and validation.

**About the Work**

* Design and develop sensor and compute systems for robotics
* Architect and/or deploy Nuro sensors & autonomous SW with high reliability and performance
* Deliver reliable SW through metrics monitoring, automated testing, and vendor collaboration
* Debug complex systems, root-cause failure modes, and deploy effective solutions
* Drive cross-functional projects on sensors and compute for autonomous vehicles

**About You**

* Domain experience: Experience in robotics or autonomous driving systems
* Technical excellence: Proven ability to deep dive into embedded and real-time systems; proficiency in C++, with emphasis on concurrency; Familiarity with the role of the Linux kernel in driver performance.
* 2+ years of industry experience
* Bachelor's, master's, or Ph.D in degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a closely related field
* Clear and concise communication
* Collaborates effectively with engineers, PMs, and other stakeholders

**Bonus Points**

* Experience in robotics hardware components, including sensors, embedded platforms (with multiple CPUs, GPUs, ISPs, and accelerators)
* Experience with programming peripheral devices and device communication protocols such as USB, SPI, I2C, UART
* Experience with radar, lidar, or visual cameras
* Experience with GPU programming and low level driver optimization for Nvidia GPUs
* Knowledge of Linux kernel and device driver level programming, including threading, IPC, shared memory, and synchronization
* Knowledge of networking, full IP protocol stack, from PHY through TCP, UDP, and to application layer

*At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $132,300 and $165,370 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.*

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
