---
title: Senior/Staff Machine Learning Engineer, Sensor Simulation
status: active
id: '8049931'
source: greenhouse
url: https://nuro.ai/careersitem?gh_jid=8049931
lastmod: '2026-07-10T16:34:28-04:00'
date: '2026-07-10T16:28:25-04:00'
location: Mountain View, California (HQ)
departments:
- Sensor Data and Calibration
---

**Who We Are**

Nuro believes self-driving vehicles are the most immediate and profound opportunity for AI to drive positive change in the physical world. Safer streets, more time for what matters, and easier access to the world around us, that’s why we’re building a universal autonomy platform: self-driving for all roads and all rides.  
  
Founded in 2016, Nuro is a physical AI company developing Level 4 autonomous driving technology for a wide range of vehicles, use cases, and markets. Powered by the Nuro Driver™, our universal autonomy platform enables the global mobility ecosystem to deploy autonomy at scale, from robotaxis and logistics fleets to personal vehicles.  
  
With years of real-world deployment experience and a flexible, partner-led business model, Nuro is working toward a future where millions of autonomous vehicles powered by our technology help make everyday life safer, easier, and more connected.  
  
Nuro has raised over $2B in capital from Uber, NVIDIA, Google, Softbank, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price, and other leading investors.

**About the Role**Our robotics team is growing and we are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Sensor Data and Calibration team. We are searching for an engineer with robotics and machine learning expertise to develop synthetic sensor simulation models and algorithms. The ideal candidate has hands-on experience in the research, development, and implementation of machine learning methods (e.g., NeRF or Gaussian splatting) for generating synthetic sensor data (photorealistic images, realistic lidar and/or radar, etc.).

**About the Work**

* Research, develop, and implement state-of-the-art synthetic sensor simulation methods
* Analyze and characterize the realism and utility of synthetic sensor data
* Answer critical questions about sensor data and autonomy performance
* Collaborate with stakeholders across autonomy, infrastructure, and systems teams on map needs and requirements
* Role is scoped as a Senior/Staff IC with the flexibility to grow into a Tech Lead/TLM.

**About You**

* One of

+ PhD in machine learning, computer science, electrical engineering, robotics, or related field, and 3+ years of industry experience
+ Masters and 4+ years of industry experience
+ 5+ years of industry experience

* Deep understanding of ML fundamentals with hands-on experience in training and evaluating modern ML models
* Strong Python skills with experience in deep learning frameworks, e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow, or Jax

**Bonus Points** 

* Deep understanding of 3D geometry and state estimation fundamentals
* Proficiency in systems coding
* Experience in simulating/modeling real sensors (camera, lidar, radar, IMU, etc), including noise modeling
* Experience in modern ML graphics techniques, e.g., NeRF, Gaussian Splatting, and/or generative models.
* Experience in building ML pipelines and optimizing/productizing ML models
* Demonstrated research publications in top conferences (e.g. NeurIPS, ICLR, ICML, CVPR, RSS, CoRL, ICRA)

At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $193,930 and $291,150 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.

*At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. #LI-DNP*
