---
title: Global Benefits Specialist
status: archived
id: 3bc88b97-0d04-4cc2-997a-90c93d3397e7
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/3bc88b97-0d04-4cc2-997a-90c93d3397e7
lastmod: '2022-02-15T14:53:58.147000+00:00'
date: '2022-02-15T14:53:58.147000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- People
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a Global Benefits Specialist, you are responsible for day-to-day benefit administration, compliance, and employee support at Palantir. You are outcome-oriented, and pursue solutions in a thoughtful, iterative, and empathetic way. You have a keen eye for detail and critical thinking, a focus on accuracy, and excellent customer service skills. You are someone who is motivated by helping Palantirians understand their benefits, navigate complex insurance cases and requests, demonstrate a deep understanding for US benefits compliance, while collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders to ensure effective and compliant program management. You are operationally strong and can manage a high volume of case work, while simultaneously iterating on our processes to streamline and enhance the employee experience.  
  
Most importantly, you find people-focused, tactical work exciting and rewarding. Our company is filled with amazing, brilliant, and dedicated people from around the world, and we work hard to serve and support our colleagues in the shared pursuit of our mission.

### Core Responsibilities

* Act as a first point of contact and ongoing resource for employee questions, including healthcare, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, commuter, and wellbeing benefit enrollments/changes, and eligibility.
* Manage benefit operations and benefit compliance for US plans, including enrollments, files, invoicing, vendor management, compliance reporting and employee experience across multiple populations of in-office and remote employees.
* Support benefit renewals (census files, employee outreach and vendor communication, enrollments, file feeds etc.).
* Manage point solutions and vendor relationships, plus employee questions and stakeholder communication.
* Cultivate and manage relationships with carriers and cross-functional partners (Payroll, Mobility, etc.) to ensure delivery of high quality and legally compliant programs.

### What We Value

* 2-3+ years experience in US Benefits Administration and Compliance.
* Ability to demonstrate strong intuition and empathy when interfacing with employees and designing solutions to people-focused challenges.
* Strong communication and interpersonal skills; able to provide high-quality support to employees with empathy.
* Attention to detail, operational excellence, and ability to balance competing priorities; comfortable navigating between a high volume of inbound requests, while driving forward projects.
* Ability to operate both independently and collaboratively, handle ambiguity, and tackle open-ended problems.
* Ability to give/accept feedback and iterate on programs to enhance employee experience.
* Comfortable supporting a global population in multiple time zones, working through email, messaging, and video conferencing where needed.
* HRIS/Benefit administration experience in Workday.

### What We Require

* 2+ years of benefit or HR experience
* Initial onboarding in-office and then 2-3 days in-office/week ongoing

### **Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $75,000 - $103,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
