---
title: Government Contracts Specialist
status: archived
id: 6374282c-0330-4f98-b2a8-1afc4070f8f5
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/6374282c-0330-4f98-b2a8-1afc4070f8f5
lastmod: '2025-12-18T19:16:44.889000+00:00'
date: '2025-12-18T19:16:44.889000+00:00'
location: London, United Kingdom
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- London, United Kingdom
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a Government Contracts Specialist, you will enable Palantir to creatively navigate the UK Government procurement lifecycle and address the full gamut of our contractual obligations. You will be a member of Palantir's in-house UK Government Contracts team and will serve a critical function supporting our UK Government business. You will collaborate with partners in Business Development, Legal, Finance, Engineering, Sales, and Leadership to provide your valuable knowledge and insights into the government contracting process and keep pace with our diverse and expanding portfolio of Government contracts and partnerships. Government Contracts Specialists help manage contracts, implement procurement strategies, build relationships, and push deals across the finish line — reviewing and completing critical contract documentation, building pricing proposals, implementing company directives/policies, and supporting other projects that arise.

Government Contracts Specialists work directly on our highest value contracts, pre- and post- award. In this role, there is always a new challenge to conquer with opportunities for career growth and company impact.

### Core Responsibilities

* Shape and implement contract management strategy and best practice across a portfolio of UK Government contracts, including Central and Local Government, the NHS, Defence, and Law Enforcement.
* Day-to-day operational management of existing contracts, including negotiating, drafting, and closing-out contracts, contract variations, and SOWs, and ensuring prompt invoicing and payments.
* Tracking and reporting on compliance with contract requirements, as well as guiding internal stakeholders and subcontractors on maintaining compliance and resolving any deficiencies.
* Practitioner of the entire procurement lifecycle for new and existing opportunities, including the preparation and management of quotes, ROMs, proposals, contracts, and SOWs in the company’s capacity as either a Prime or Subcontractor, with a close eye for the details.
* Build and manage relationships with customers, subcontractors, engineering teams, senior leaders, and other stakeholders, including UK Government procurement office representatives.
* Stay up to date on relevant procurement frameworks, with the ability to quickly learn new frameworks as required.
* Assist in the strategy development for new business opportunities and orient around short-term and/or long-term goals.

### What We Value

* Familiarity with software licensing and services pricing models to generate creative pricing concepts, combined with the ability to describe, defend, and negotiate them in customer settings.
* Comfortable working in a fast-paced and complex environment managing multiple priorities, working collaboratively and flexibly with a wide range of stakeholders across the buy-side and supply-side ecosystem.
* Capable of leading actions to closure with project management skills to achieve desired outcomes and meet deadlines.
* A detail-oriented mindset in all daily activities—critical for maintaining intricate knowledge of contracts portfolio; strong organisational skills to navigate our fast-paced nature.
* Strong oral and written communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills with an ability to multitask in a rapidly changing environment.
* Ability to think creatively and work collaboratively and flexibly with teams across the business to achieve desired outcomes.
* Ability to construct and use financial models to inform contracting decisions, including proficiency with Microsoft Excel.

### What We Require

* 4+ years of government contracting and contract management experience, either within UK Government, industry, or both.
* Understanding of and experience with UK Government procurement practices and policies, including utilisation of Crown Commercial Services frameworks, the Model Services Contract, and the Mid-Tier Contract, as well as Ministry of Defence (MoD).
* Availability outside of standard business hours as needed to handle urgent and time-sensitive team matters.

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the city and or country in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*
