---
title: Application Security Engineer
status: archived
id: 7e3ec54c-b73a-4014-8ef3-cdce8a4953c4
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/7e3ec54c-b73a-4014-8ef3-cdce8a4953c4
lastmod: '2017-06-27T21:56:16.864000+00:00'
date: '2017-06-27T21:56:16.864000+00:00'
location: New York, NY
departments:
- Information Security
offices:
- New York, NY
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

Our products support some of the most important and impactful work in the world, including defense, intelligence, and commercial applications. We are trusted by our customers to protect their mission-critical information in the face of advanced persistent threats. The mission of the Application Security Team is to enable developers to be highly productive, agile, and produce the most secure software possible. Given the mission critical work that Palantir does, investments in application security have never been more important.

As an Application Security Engineer, you will be hands-on and have wide-ranging impact for the security of Palantir:

• **Product security reviews**. You will perform full-scope security reviews of our current and future product and service portfolio. This includes whitebox, greybox, and blackbox assessments. You will work with offensive security teams, engineering teams, and other members of the InfoSec organization to harden our products against our dedicated adversaries.

• **Architecture and design**. You will be the security subject matter expert for product architects and engineers. You will threat model, assess risks, and help implement security controls and mitigations to address identified issues. You will directly steer the design of our products to ensure we are secure-by-default.

• **Strategic security initiatives**. You will be empowered to own transformational security initiatives that impact the whole company. Members of the Application Security Team have implemented software supply chain security controls (e.g., in-toto), implemented hardware-backed GPG key signing for commits, developed new security services, implemented security automation, or worked on massive-scale security problems.

• **Vulnerability identification and analysis.** You will be responsible for finding new and novel ways to identify and resolve security vulnerabilities in our products. This includes static and dynamic code analysis, security scanning, investigation of security reports from InfoSec, our bug bounty program, or other trusted partners, and direct work with our incident response team on product security issues and incidents.

This role has wide-reaching impact, strong autonomy, and the resources and empowerment to make significant security improvements across all Palantir. The skills and background of successful candidates may vary highly, but curiosity, tenacity, and a drive to be a world-class security engineer are the underpinnings of our team.

### Core Responsibilities

* Perform deep architecture and security reviews on highly complex products to identify vulnerabilities
* Lead engineering teams in feature design, threat modeling, and security-critical code and architecture
* Develop and implement automation to eliminate entire classes of weaknesses across the organization
* Drive decision-making by determining the tradeoffs between security and product design
* Lead implementation of strategic security initiatives that improve security across Palantir

### What We Value

* Self motivated, experience in solving complex problems
* History and experience designing and shipping production-ready software
* Strong communication and collaboration skills who feels comfortable working closely with engineering teams
* Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly and in complex deployments

### What We Require

* Development or software engineering experience and a deep passion for information security
* Experience with a modern high-level programming language (e.g. Java, Golang, Javascript, Python, etc.)
* Demonstrated experience evaluating code for vulnerabilities and weaknesses
* Experience with complex architectures and codebases (e.g. SOA or micro-services)
* Experience utilizing/with CodeQL or other static code analysis platforms
* Experience performing black-box testing of web applications

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Relocation assistance

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
