---
title: Senior Government Contracts Strategist
status: archived
id: ae1addd8-f7f2-4ff5-b963-7ffb63f496e0
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/ae1addd8-f7f2-4ff5-b963-7ffb63f496e0
lastmod: '2024-06-27T08:46:30.779000+00:00'
date: '2024-06-27T08:46:30.779000+00:00'
location: Washington, D.C.
departments:
- Legal
offices:
- Washington, D.C.
---

**A World-Changing Company**

Palantir builds the world’s leading software for data-driven decisions and operations. By bringing the right data to the people who need it, our platforms empower our partners to develop lifesaving drugs, forecast supply chain disruptions, locate missing children, and more.

**The Role**

As a Senior Government Contracts Strategist, you will enable Palantir to creatively navigate the US Government acquisitions lifecycle and address the full gamut of our contractual obligations. You will be a member of Palantir's in-house US Government Contracts and Legal team and will serve a critical function supporting our US Government business. You will collaborate with partners in Business Development, Finance, Engineering, Sales, and Leadership to provide your valuable knowledge and insights into the government contracting process and keep pace with our diverse and expanding portfolio of Government partnerships. Senior Government Contracts Strategists help develop acquisition strategies, build relationships and push deals across the finish line — reviewing and completing critical contract documentation, building pricing strategies for proposals, implementing company directives/policies, and supporting other projects that arise.

Senior Government Contracts Strategists work directly on our highest value contracts, pre- and post- award. In this role, there is always a new challenge to conquer with opportunities for career growth and company impact. This is a great opportunity for current or former Federal Contracting Officers (Series 1102).

### Core Responsibilities

* Drive acquisition and pricing strategies alongside business counterparts to develop achievable approaches for contracting new opportunities.
* Identify new contract vehicles that can be leveraged throughout the business.
* Serve as a practitioner of the entire acquisitions lifecycle, including Quotes, ROMs, and Proposals as a Prime and/or Subcontractor with an eye for the details.
* Facilitate and support proposal preparation and contract negotiations.
* Stay up to date on relevant legal frameworks, including FAR, DFARS and OTAs, with the ability to quickly learn new frameworks as required.
* Manage relationships with senior leaders, as well as procurement office representatives, at government agencies.
* Assist in the strategy development for new business and orient around short-term and/or long-term goals.

### What We Value

* Familiarity with software licensing and pricing models to generate creative pricing concepts, combined with the ability to describe them in customer settings.
* Capable of leading actions with project management skills to achieve desired outcomes; excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
* A detail oriented mindset in all daily workflows—critical for maintaining intricate knowledge of contracts portfolio; strong organizational skills to navigate our fast-paced nature.
* Strong writing, analytical and problem solving skills with an ability to multitask in a rapidly changing environment.
* Ability to think creatively and work collaboratively with teams across the business to achieve desired outcomes.
* Proficiency in Microsoft Office, especially Excel for pricing builds.

### What We Require

* 7+ years of government contracting experience, either within government, industry, or both.
* Familiarity with U.S. Government acquisitions, particularly commercial item acquisition and Department of Defense (DoD).
* Availability outside of standard business hours as needed to handle urgent and time-sensitive team matters.
* Active security clearance or eligibility and willingness to obtain a top security clearance.
* 1 -3 days a week in office at our Georgetown facility

**Salary**

The estimated salary range for this position is estimated to be $135,000 - $200,000/year. Total compensation for this position may also include Restricted Stock units, sign-on bonus and other potential future incentives. Further note that total compensation for this position will be determined by each individual’s relevant qualifications, work experience, skills, and other factors. This estimate excludes the value of any potential sign-on bonus; the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.

Our benefits aim to promote health and wellbeing across all areas of Palantirians’ lives. We work to continuously improve our offerings and listen to our community as we design and update them. The list below details our available benefits and some of the perks that can be enjoyed as an employee of Palantir Technologies.

**Benefits**

•  Employees (and their eligible dependents) can enroll in medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as voluntary life insurance

•  Employees are automatically covered by Palantir’s basic life, AD&D and disability insurance

•  Commuter benefits

•  Take what you need paid time off, not accrual based

•  2 weeks paid time off built into the end of each year (subject to team and business needs)

•  10 paid holidays throughout the calendar year

•  Supportive leave of absence program including time off for military service and medical events

•  Paid leave for new parents and subsidized back-up care for all parents

•  Fertility and family building benefits including but not limited to adoption, surrogacy, and preservation

•  Stipend to help with expenses that come with a new child

•  Employees can enroll in Palantir’s 401k plan

**Life at Palantir**

We want every Palantirian to achieve their best outcomes, that’s why we celebrate individuals’ strengths, skills, and interests, from your first interview to your longterm growth, rather than rely on traditional career ladders. Paying attention to the needs of our community enables us to optimize our opportunities to grow and helps ensure many pathways to success at Palantir. Promoting health and well-being across all areas of Palantirians’ lives is just one of the ways we’re investing in our community. Learn more at [Life at Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/careers/life-at-palantir/) and note that our offerings may vary by region.

In keeping consistent with Palantir’s values and culture, we believe employees are “better together” and in-person work affords the opportunity for more creative outcomes. Therefore, we encourage employees to work from our offices to foster connectivity and innovation. Many teams do offer hybrid options (WFH a day or two a week), allowing our employees to strike the right trade-off for their personal productivity. Based on business need, there are a few roles that allow for “Remote” work on an exceptional basis. If you are applying for one of these roles, you must work from the state in which you are employed. If the posting is specified as Onsite, you are required to work from an office.

If you want to empower the world's most important institutions, you belong here. Palantir values excellence regardless of background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, including but not limited to Veterans and those with disabilities. Palantir is committed to making the application and hiring process accessible to everyone and will provide a reasonable accommodation for those living with a disability. If you need an accommodation for the application or hiring process*,* please [reach out](mailto:accommodations@palantir.com) and let us know how we can help.

*Please note that you will never be asked to submit a payment or share financial information to participate in our interview process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, we recommend you cease all communication with the individual and consider reporting them to the relevant authorities, such as the US [FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)](https://www.ic3.gov/).*  
  
*If you would like to understand more about how your personal data will be processed by Palantir, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://www.palantir.com/privacy-and-security/candidate-privacy-notice/).*
