---
title: 'Data Operations '
status: archived
id: 4d12e97f-e637-49f1-a39c-7f32d6d364bb
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/4d12e97f-e637-49f1-a39c-7f32d6d364bb
lastmod: '2026-03-02T15:40:12.311+00:00'
date: '2026-03-02T15:40:12.311+00:00'
location: United Kingdom
departments:
- Engineering & Product
- Productions
offices:
- Germany
- Poland
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

Our Data Ops team partners with Research to answer two core questions: What data do we need to train outstanding AI audio models — and how do we source and scale it effectively?  
  
In this role, you will own the end-to-end lifecycle of data acquisition and labeling operations. You’ll translate research needs into clear data specifications and labeling workflows, manage external data vendors, and ensure datasets are delivered on time and to high quality standards. You’ll oversee both in-house and third-party labeling teams — setting guidelines, prioritizing work, implementing QC processes, and monitoring throughput and performance.  
  
You’ll also help scale our operations by improving tooling and processes, and by supporting the hiring, training, and development of a high-performing labeling workforce.

## **Requirements**

We're looking for exceptional individuals who combine technical excellence with ethical awareness, who are excited by hard problems and motivated by human impact. You’ll strive with us if you:

* Are **passionate about audio AI** driven by a desire to make content universally accessible and breaking the frontiers of new tech.
* Are a **highly motivated and driven individual** with a strong work ethic. Our team is aware of this critical moment of audio AI evolution and is committed to going the extra mile to lead.
* Are **analytical, efficient, and strive on solving complex challenges** with a first principles mindset.
* Consistently **strive for excellence**, delivering high-quality work quickly and exceeding expectations.
* **Take initiative and work autonomously** from day one, prioritizing learning and contribution while leaving ego aside.

We don’t require any formal experience, certifications, or degrees. Instead, we’re looking for someone with:

* Strong attention to detail – data is all about the details; we expect you to craft clear project guidelines together with Research and build processes to ensure our data meets them
* People skills – you will interact with Researchers, external service providers, and a large number of data labellers and labelling managers; you should feel comfortable providing feedback and keeping large teams moving along to meet deadlines
* Bonus points for:

  + Prior experience running large-scale data labelling projects for a FAANG/similar company, AI research lab, or data labelling platform
  + Python skills

This role is remote, so it can be executed globally. If you prefer, you can work from our offices in New York, London and Warsaw.

#LI-remote
