---
title: Lead Product Counsel
status: archived
id: 92b9850e-115f-429b-ad6d-5cd93a7a3d00
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/92b9850e-115f-429b-ad6d-5cd93a7a3d00
lastmod: '2026-05-07T10:38:51.604+00:00'
date: '2026-05-07T10:38:51.604+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Legal
- Operations
offices:
- United States
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About this role:**

We are seeking an experienced Product Counsel to join our Legal Team. In this role, you will serve as the company’s top product attorney, partnering across ElevenLabs to support the development and launch of cutting-edge AI products. You will advise on product design, AI safety and governance, privacy, intellectual property, content and platform policies, and commercialization strategies.

## **In this role, you will:**

* Partner cross-functionally with Engineering, Growth, Research, Privacy, Security, and Safety to provide pragmatic legal guidance throughout the product lifecycle.
* Advise on product features, user flows, marketing initiatives, and data practices.
* Draft and review user-facing terms, privacy policies, disclosures, and marketing materials to ensure compliance while supporting a high-quality user experience.
* Support incident response, privacy risk assessments, and escalation processes related to product use.
* Monitor evolving global legal and regulatory developments that impact AI systems, and translate them into practical internal policies and guidance.

## **Who you are:**

* You’re genuinely interested in the future of AI, privacy, and emerging technologies, bringing curiosity and enthusiasm to your role.
* You stay up-to-date on AI-related legal developments and industry trends, and are eager to apply this expertise to cutting-edge products.
* You thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic startup environment, working cross-functionally with teams across the organization to support and scale a growing business.
* You’re comfortable working independently and handling ambiguity, excelling in situations where you must make informed decisions quickly.
* You bring a proactive, solution-oriented approach to each project, focused on moving the business forward.

## **What you bring:**

* JD with active membership in at least one U.S. state bar (New York preferred).
* 6+ years of product counseling and privacy knowledge and skills, preferably developed in both law firm and in-house roles (in-house product counseling experience strongly preferred).
* Experience counseling on AI models and products, and working closely with Trust & Safety teams.
* Maintain expertise in laws and regulations relevant to AI products and SaaS solutions, including privacy, data protection, consumer protection, content policies, and emerging AI-specific legislation.
* Excellent analytical and communication skills to support cross-functional teams, as well as to engage with external partners.

## **Location**

This role is remote and can be executed in the United States.

#LI-Remote
