---
title: GTM Recruiter
status: archived
id: fef4499d-6191-43ad-b4f4-e646544f510d
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/elevenlabs/fef4499d-6191-43ad-b4f4-e646544f510d
lastmod: '2026-05-11T17:42:25.484+00:00'
date: '2026-05-11T17:42:25.484+00:00'
location: New York
departments:
- Operations
- Talent
---

## About ElevenLabs

ElevenLabs is an AI research and product company transforming how we interact with technology.

We launched in January 2023 with the first human-like AI voice model. Today, we serve millions of users and thousands of businesses - from fast-growing startups to large enterprises like Deutsche Telekom and Meta. Our investors are some of the world's most prominent, including Andreessen Horowitz, ICONIQ Growth and Sequoia. We've raised $781M in funding and our last valuation was $11B - multiples of 11, always.  
  
We have expanded from voice into three main platforms:

* ElevenAgents enables businesses to deliver seamless and intelligent customer experiences, with the integrations, testing, monitoring, and reliability necessary to deploy voice and chat agents at scale.
* ElevenCreative empowers creators and marketers to generate and edit speech, music, image, and video across 70+ languages.
* ElevenAPI gives developers access to our leading AI audio foundational models.

Everything we do is the result of the creativity and commitment of our team - builders doing the best work of their lives. We are researchers, engineers, and operators. IOI medalists and ex-founders. If you want to work hard and create lasting positive impact, we want to hear from you.

## How we work

* **High-velocity:** Rapid experimentation, lean autonomous teams, and minimal bureaucracy.
* **Impact not job titles:** We don’t have job titles. Instead, it’s about the impact you have. No task is above or beneath you.
* **AI first:** We use AI to move faster with higher-quality results. We do this across the whole company—from engineering to growth to operations.
* **Excellence everywhere:** Everything we do should match the quality of our AI models.
* **Global team:** We prioritize your talent, not your location.

## What we offer

* **Innovative culture:** You’ll be part of a generational opportunity to define the trajectory of AI, surrounded by a team pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
* **Growth paths:** Joining ElevenLabs means joining a dynamic team with countless opportunities to drive impact - beyond your immediate role and responsibilities.
* **Learning & development**: ElevenLabs proactively supports professional development through an annual discretionary stipend.
* **Social travel**: We also provide an annual discretionary stipend to meet up with colleagues each year, however you choose.
* **Annual company offsite:** Each year, we bring the entire team together in a new location - past offsites have included Croatia and Italy.
* **Co-working**: If you’re not located near one of our main hubs, we offer a monthly co-working stipend.

## **About the role**

ElevenLabs is building one of the world's fastest-growing AI companies — and we're looking for a GTM Recruiter to partner with our Revenue org. You'll run full-cycle recruiting across our high volumes roles, partnering with leaders across our Sales Development, Corporate, Mid-Market, and Partnerships team to hire world class talent.

This isn't a conventional recruiting role. You'll work alongside GTM leaders to shape role strategy, design world-class candidate experiences, and close exceptional talent across North America and global markets. You know what great looks like in a Revenue org — whether from building GTM teams at exceptional tech companies or from your own experience exceeding hiring goals. This role is centered around high ownership, making data-driven decisions, and building hiring processes and pipelines that scale.

## **What your day might look like**

* Full-cycle recruiting for a broad range of GTM roles including Sales Development Representatives, Account Executives, and Revenue Partnerships.
* Partnering closely with GTM leadership to refine role requirements, set hiring strategy, and identify key success signals that elevate quality of hire.
* Designing and managing candidate pipelines with a focus on efficiency, transparency, and a white glove, high touch experience.
* Acting as a trusted advisor to hiring teams, providing market insights, role benchmarks, and data-driven recommendations.
* Representing ElevenLabs externally — every interaction with candidates is an opportunity to bring our brand and values to life.

## **Requirements**

* Full-cycle GTM recruiting experience for a high growth startup, with a strong track record closing quota-carrying roles across Sales roles.
* Able to manage high volume and complex searches across multiple priorities without sacrificing quality or urgency.
* Strong partner to hiring leaders — you influence with clarity, data, and operational rigor.
* Exceptional communicator — you craft compelling role narratives and deliver a high-touch experience for candidates and stakeholders alike.
* Preference for this role to be based in New York City.

## **Location**

This role is remote-first, so it can be executed from anywhere, with candidates based in New York City strongly preferred. If you prefer, you can work from our New York office.

#LI-Remote
