---
title: 'Senior Software Engineer, Hardware Interface '
status: active
id: '5777967004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5777967004
lastmod: '2026-06-01T16:19:35-04:00'
date: '2026-01-22T18:57:23-05:00'
location: Hybrid- Any Office (Fremont, CA, Salem, OR, or Pittsburgh, PA)
departments:
- Software Engineering
offices:
- Fremont
- Pittsburgh
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

## **About The Role**

Agility Robotics is building the future of work through humanoid robots that operate in human environments. In this position you will be developing the low-level software that powers our state-of-the art humanoid robots, constantly improving the robustness, diagnostics, and safety of our system. You will also be on the front-line of robot development, building up brand-new prototypes and working with highly cross-functional teams to transform piles of parts into functional, testable systems.

## **About The Work**

* Contribute to the C++ software stack that powers our robots, interfacing with OS drivers and hardware to enable high-bandwidth, low-latency control
* Work with cross-disciplinary teams to solve complex problems dealing with the integration of software and hardware
* Debug complex cross-domain problems and integrate learned failure modes into improved diagnostics and error reporting
* Integrate diverse computing systems through a variety of communication media: such as Wifi, networking, serial, industrial fieldbus
* Write performant, well-tested, maintainable, and well-documented C++ software

## **About You**

* MS in robotics, computer science, or related field with 2-3 years industry experience (or BS with 5+ years industry experience)
* Skilled at writing modern C++ (17, 20)
* Knowledge of best practices for writing performant and maintainable software
* Proficient in using and programming for recent Linux systems
* Experience writing and debugging software for hardware-in-the-loop systems
* Experience debugging cross-domain (i.e. electrical, mechanical and software) problems with electro-mechanical systems
* Ability to communicate technical information effectively both orally and in writing with other team members
* Authorization to work in the USA

## **Bonus Points**

* Experience with implementation of automation fieldbuses such as EtherCAT, CAN, Profinet, etc. EtherCAT is highly desirable
* Experience developing real-time or low-latency systems
* Experience writing C++ code for embedded systems
* Experience with electronic circuit debugging tools (e.g. multimeters, oscilloscopes, logic analyzers)
* Knowledge of brushless electric motors and motor control
* Knowledge of networking protocols and network configuration in a Linux environment (i.e. systemd / networkd)
* Experience with Python 3.6+
* Familiarity with standard agile and software development processes (issue tracking tools (Jira), feature branching, version control (Git), continuous integration and deployment)

*This is a hybrid role based out of one of our Salem, OR, Pittsburgh, PA, or Fremont, CA offices.*

**The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. This range may change based on geographical location and may be modified in the future.**

Anticipated Salary Range

$175,000—$273,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
