---
title: Staff Firmware Engineer
status: active
id: '5789714004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5789714004
lastmod: '2026-03-30T19:09:13-04:00'
date: '2026-02-02T17:33:29-05:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About The Role**

We are seeking a Staff Firmware Engineer to plan robot firmware architecture, design subsystems, and develop robust and reliable firmware for our full line of robots.  In this role, you will collaborate with a multi-discipline team of engineers to understand the unique requirements for our products and play a key role in ensuring that we have robot designs that are robust and production-ready.  You will also serve as the bridge between hardware and higher level robot control algorithms by documenting interfaces and providing support to other engineers.

**About The Work:**

* Contribute to the C++ firmware architecture that drives our robot’s low-level sensor network, controls, and power management systems
* Develop the firmware communication layer utilizing EtherCAT and CAN
* Write firmware for the hardware abstraction layer, peripheral drivers, and applications
* Perform real-time hardware testing and debugging using benchtop test equipment such as logic analyzers and oscilloscopes.
* Work with cross-disciplinary teams to solve complex problems dealing with the integration of software and hardware
* Write performant, well-tested, maintainable, and well-documented C++ code

**About You:**

* BS in computer science, electrical engineering, or related field with 10+ years industry experience
* Experience writing modern C++ (17, 20)
* Experience using FreeRTOS or similar
* Experience with best practices for writing performant and maintainable software
* Proficiency with a Linux-based development environment
* Ability to read schematics, PCB layouts, and component datasheets
* Ability to verbally communicate technical information effectively

**Preferred to have:**

* Experience with implementation of automation fieldbuses such as EtherCAT, CAN, etc. EtherCAT is highly desirable
* Experience writing embedded C++ for ARM systems
* Experience developing real-time or low-latency systems
* Experience designing and implementing hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) testing frameworks for embedded systems
* Experience with unit testing such as with GTest and coverage analysis
* Proficiency in Python (3.6+)
* Familiarity with standard agile and software development processes (issue tracking tools (Jira), feature branching, version control (Git), continuous integration and deployment)
* Familiarity with using AI in coding a plus

This a hybrid position based out of one of our Fremont, CA office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$194,000—$252,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
