---
title: Senior Manager, AI Innovation
status: active
id: '5815589004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5815589004
lastmod: '2026-03-30T19:03:22-04:00'
date: '2026-03-06T15:42:08-05:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Innovation
offices:
- Remote
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

# **About The Role**

The Senior Manager of AI Innovation will be a key leader within our cutting-edge humanoid robotics company, bridging the gap between cutting-edge AI/ML research and functional robotic applications. Your mission is to drive research that derisks our product roadmap by solving complex robotics challenges on the one to two year time horizon. This will include driving initiatives from concept stage to minimal viable product across domains such as perceptive real-time planning, whole body-control, and learning from demonstration. You will manage a high-performing team of researchers and engineers, fostering a culture of rigorous experimentation, problem based research, failing fast, and extreme ownership.

# **About The Work**

* Oversee the lifecycle of innovation projects, from initial research and whiteboarding to "proof-of-concept" deployment on humanoid platforms.
* Owns the success of the AI Innovation program, holding themselves and the team accountable for quality and delivery.
* Drive research into novel AI solutions for complex robotics challenges, such as real-time planning, human-robot interaction, and adaptive motor control.
* Accelerate our data flywheel strategy to combine teleoperation, synthetic data, and fleet learning to expand the fleet performance and reliability.
* Partner with Hardware and Robot Software teams to ensure that next-generation sensor suites are optimized for future AI architectures.
* Champion the existing team's talent and represent their needs to senior leadership.
* Manage performance cycles, create individualized development plans, and lead hiring to scale the AI Innovation team.
* Foster a safe and collaborative environment within the team, encouraging open dialogue and the freedom to learn from failed experiments.

# **Required Qualifications**

* Advanced degree (M.S. or Ph.D.) in Computer Science, Robotics, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.
* Minimum of 8 years of experience in AI/ML, with at least 3 years in a management role.
* Demonstrated experience in developing and deploying real-time AI solutions for robotics, autonomous systems, or other mission-critical applications.
* Strong expertise in core AI domains, including computer vision, reinforcement learning, and large language models (LLMs) applied to robotics.
* Proven track record of managing scaling high-performance engineering or research teams.
* Experience deploying models on resource-constrained edge devices, balancing inference speed, power consumption, and thermal limits.

This is a fully remote role with the option to work hybrid if a commutable distance from our Salem, OR, Pittsburgh, PA, or Fremont, CA offices.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. This range may change based on geographical location and may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$268,000—$364,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
