---
title: Senior Cost Accountant
status: active
id: '5837601004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5837601004
lastmod: '2026-05-21T17:02:37-04:00'
date: '2026-03-27T14:47:42-04:00'
location: Onsite- Salem, OR
departments:
- Accounting and Finance
offices:
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About The Role**

The Senior Cost Accountant is responsible for fixed asset accounting, inventory cost control, cycle count oversight, and weekly operational cost reporting within complex manufacturing environments. This role ensures accurate capitalization, depreciation, inventory valuation, and variance analysis to support operational leadership and executive reporting.

**About The Work**

* **Inventory Costing****:** Maintain and review standard costs, monthly basis reconcile subledger to ledger, calculate excess & obsolete/aging reserves and physical inventory. Track and report on BOM costs and participate in cost optimization activities.
* **Cycle Count****ing:** Manage count accuracy metrics and tolerance thresholds using ABC methodology.  Perform monthly audits of counts and report out on results to Management.  Partner with Materials to investigate and resolve count variances, weekly reporting
* **Shipping & Logistics Analysis:** Analyze shipping and logistics costs, identifying areas for optimization and cost reduction
* **Fixed Asset Accounting****:**Maintain fixed asset subledger to ledger including construction in progress, capitalize projects/expenses per GAAP and company policy, monthly reporting and  support audit
* **Month-End and Year-End Close:** Participate in month-end and year-end closing processes, preparing journal entries and supporting documentation
* **Compliance:** Ensure compliance with all relevant accounting principles (GAAP) and regulatory requirements

**About You**

* Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or related field preferred; Associate degree with  relevant manufacturing cost accounting experience will be considered
* Self-starter with the ability to adapt to business needs and understand the underlying data across multiple systems (Google Sheets, Netsuite, Windchill, etc)
* Experience working in a high-growth or operationally complex environment, with the ability to translate financial and operational data into clear insights, communicate key findings, and recommend actionable recommendations to cross-functional teams
* Lead setup and implementation of ERP systems, including processes and system configuration.
* 5+ years of cost accounting experience in manufacturing
* Authorization to work in the USA

**Location**

* This is an onsite position at our Salem office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$101,000—$131,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
