---
title: Enterprise Applications Manager, IT
status: active
id: '5890989004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5890989004
lastmod: '2026-04-09T17:57:42-04:00'
date: '2026-04-09T17:57:42-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- 'Information Technology '
offices:
- Remote
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

## What We Do

The IT & Enterprise Solutions teams have the twin responsibilities of making the technology that every Agility Robotics uses as effective and frictionless as possible while also optimizing the performance of our corporate technology stack. We do that by promoting secure, repeatable processes, supporting data wherever it lives, and delivering elegant solutions whenever possible.

Everyone at Agility Robotics is a stakeholder and a partner. Enterprise Solutions has a diverse range of functions, including support of MRP/ERP solutions, RFQ/RFP of in use or new products to align business teams, systems architecture, PLM, and scaling our manufacturing operations.

## Responsibilities

* Partner with business stakeholders to develop process maps, use cases, and requirements for business processes in engineering, operations and finance.
* Develop and maintain an Enterprise Application Architecture.
* Manage selection, implementation, enhancement, and integrations for enterprise applications.
* Lead, manage, and develop the Enterprise Applications team to ensure operational excellence and professional growth.
* Facilitate training and change management to support user adoption of new technologies and processes.
* Evangelize core software and technology to the user-base for adoption.
* Together with the IT Director, define and manage the Enterprise Applications roadmap, prioritizing projects that deliver measurable business value.
* Ensure proper training and development of Enterprise Applications staff to meet business needs.
* Assist in the development, maintenance, and testing of disaster recovery plans.
* Participate with the IT director in annual budgeting activities.
* Ensure compliance with data governance, security, and privacy standards.
* Identify and track Key Performance indicators (KPI’s) for monitoring ES application health, uptime, and security.
* Manage vendor relationships with the IT Director.

## Requirements

* 7+ years’ experience as a Systems Analyst or similar role in a discrete manufacturing environment.
* 3+ years’ leadership experience managing an applications or business systems team.
* Demonstrated continued professional growth and development.
* Hands-on experience with ERP deployment and administration
* Bachelor’s degree in information technology, engineering, manufacturing or related field experience.
* Excellent written and oral communication skills

## Bonus Qualifications

* Demonstrated experience in Leadership capacity across company wide projects/product deployment.
* Demonstrated experience addressing business challenges with automation, manufacturing, and data holistics.
* Experience working in a discrete manufacturing environment.
* Experience working with ERP and MES systems.
* Experience managing projects using Agile methodologies.

## What We Value

In addition to our core values, which are not unique to this position and are necessary for Agility Robotics employees:

* We value high-performing creative individuals who dig into problems and opportunities
* We strongly believe everyone should be treated with respect and dignity while performing the duties and responsibilities of their position
* We emphasize an environment of teaching and learning to equip employees with the tools needed to be successful in their function and the company
* We strongly believe in the value of growing a diverse team and encourage people of all backgrounds, genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientations to apply

This is a fully remote role with the option to work hybrid if a commutable distance from our Salem, OR, Pittsburgh, PA, or Fremont, CA offices.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. This range may change based on geographical location and may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$137,000—$213,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
