---
title: Senior Product Manager - Fleet Interfaces
status: active
id: '5976763004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5976763004
lastmod: '2026-04-24T15:54:48-04:00'
date: '2026-04-24T15:47:14-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Salem, OR or Fremont, CA
departments:
- Product
offices:
- Fremont
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role**

We are looking for a seasoned Product Manager to join our world-class team and lead the development of the monitoring and intervention tools that enable operators to manage fleets of our next-generation humanoid robot, Digit.

This role is ideal for an empathetic product leader who thrives at the intersection of robotics, autonomy, and operations. You will focus on building high-leverage operator-facing products that allow a small number of operators to safely and efficiently supervise a growing fleet of robots.

You will be the day-to-day product manager for our fleet monitoring and operations platform, as well as mapping and incident management workflows. This role will report to the Head of Product and will collaborate closely with the Product Manager for Fleet and operator services on a day to day basis. Your work will directly impact the company’s ability to scale robots without scaling headcount. This hybrid role is based out of our Fremont (CA) or Salem (OR) office(s).

**About the Work**

**Key Responsibilities**

+ Execute the roadmap for operator-facing interfaces, including monitoring and intervention solutions to support fleets of robots
+ Drive improvements in operational scalability, reliability, and observability through supporting interfaces
+ Gather, define and implement requirements to support mapping, intervention, operation, and debugging workflows.
+ Work closely with other PMs (robot software, hardware, skills, infra, peripherals) to ensure operational interfaces scale with product needs.
+ Work closely with the Senior Staff Product Manager for Fleet to execute on the long-term roadmap.
+ Manage the rollout, adoption, and iteration of new tools and workflows with operations teams.
+ Prioritize initiatives that reduce operator load, improve recovery speed, and support evolving business needs.

**What this will look like:**

+ **Define Product Requirements**: Own product-level requirements for operator interfaces. Translate operational needs into clear, actionable specifications, workflows, and interfaces.
+ **Drive Technical Execution**: Collaborate closely with engineering leads to scope, prioritize, and deliver work. Break down long-term goals into concrete milestones, features, and deliverables.
+ **Champion Operator Experience**: Advocate for improved operational workflows and tools.

**Key Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Robotics, or a related technical field
* 5+ years of product management experience, including experience on workflow or operational tooling.
* Familiarity with robotics or other autonomous systems.
* Deep understanding of Agile development practices and iterative product cycles
* Strong experience using project management and collaboration tools such as Jira, Confluence, GitHub, or similar.
* Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to influence and align diverse teams
* Track record of translating complex technical needs into scalable solutions, and managing high-impact infrastructure initiatives from planning through delivery

**Bonus Points**

* Experience with robotics fleet operations, remote operations, or human-in-the-loop systems
* Experience with mapping or annotation tools
* Understanding of safety-critical systems and operational risk

This hybrid role is based out of our Fremont (CA) or Salem (OR) office(s).

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. This range may change based on geographical location and may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Salary Range

$154,000—$240,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
