---
title: Technical Support Specialist
status: active
id: '5980441004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5980441004
lastmod: '2026-05-01T19:11:45-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T19:11:45-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Pittsburgh, PA
departments:
- 'Commercial '
offices:
- Pittsburgh
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

We are seeking a dedicated and proactive Technical Support Specialist to join our team in Pittsburgh. The ideal candidate will have a strong aptitude for customer interaction, excellent problem-solving skills, and a commitment to ensuring customer satisfaction.

Key Responsibilities:

* Respond, resolve and support external or internal customer issues. Investigates, analyzes, and solves customer technical or operational issues. Requires knowledge of Agility’s products and services.
* Provide outstanding customer support via phone, email, and other communication channels.
* Assist customers with troubleshooting technical issues related to our robotics products and services.
* Work closely with our engineering and technical teams to resolve complex customer inquiries in a timely manner.
* Document and track customer interactions and issue resolutions using our ticketing system.
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify recurring issues and implement long-term solutions.
* Follow up with customers to ensure that their issues have been fully resolved and that they are satisfied with the outcome.
* Proactively identify opportunities to improve our products and services based on customer feedback.

**Qualifications:**

* Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience preferred.
* Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively interact with customers of all technical backgrounds.
* Excellent problem-solving abilities and a proactive approach to issue resolution.
* Exceptional attention to detail and organizational skills.
* Ability to work independently and prioritize tasks in a fast-paced environment.
* Previous experience in customer support or a related field is a plus, but not required.
* Passion for robotics and technology is highly desirable.

This a hybrid position based out of one of our Pittsburgh, PA office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$70,000—$91,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
