---
title: Financial Planning and Analysis Lead
status: active
id: '5985355004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5985355004
lastmod: '2026-04-30T18:40:32-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T18:40:32-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Any Office (Fremont, CA, Salem, OR, or Pittsburgh, PA)
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- Fremont
- Pittsburgh
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role**

At Agility Robotics, we are building a scalable, sustainable business and are looking to grow our finance team as a critical component of the fuel that will support Agility’s success. We strive to balance forward thinking and bold steps with careful analysis and rigorous controls - and that’s where we need you! We’re looking for a qualified Financial Planning and Analysis Lead that can provide overall financial support and guidance while working closely with department leads to help formulate and refine the strategy and financial projections for the business. You will play an enormously important role by keeping our company’s financial outlook bright with precision and proactive measures. This role will report directly to the Sr. Director of Finance & Accounting.

## **About the Work**

The Financial Planning and Analysis Lead will be responsible for developing insightful analyses that will support timely and effective decision making throughout the organization. You will work closely with senior management and department leads to help develop a long term business plan as well as a detailed annual budget. You will then work to formulate and refine the strategy and financial projections for the business on a quarterly basis. This position requires intense attention to detail and a desire to solve complex business issues.  The key components of the role include:

Budgeting and Forecasting

* Collaborate with business leaders to build annual bottoms-up departmental and organizational budgets. Be a resource for resolving issues and provide training and guidance as needed
* Develop comprehensive reporting of assumptions, financial statements, and operational metrics derived from the budget process for internal and external stakeholders
* Prepare monthly actual to operating budget variances and examine with departmental leaders to determine whether operational changes are required
* Lead headcount modeling & track financial impact on headcount changes
* Generate cash forecasts with visibility into future liquidity needs
* Lead the quarterly re-forecasting process and provide analysis of actual and forecasted variances from original budget
* Lead and deliver on Digital Finance transformation by identifying areas for technology adoption and streamlining
* Perform ad hoc analysis where required to assist in management decision making

Key Performance Indicators (KPI’s)

* Engage with management to identify and track key performance indicators (KPI’s) and bridge analysis to financial performance
* Deliver innovative tools to gather data and construct formats for leadership review and discussion
* Employ data analysis techniques to identify risks and suggest mitigating strategies
* Drive business case preparation and financial return modeling for investment of enterprise resources
* Simplify, standardize, and automate analyses for real-time consumption across a broad audience

Financial Reporting

* Partner with the People Operations team to ensure that confidential headcount information is reconciled monthly and changes are properly reflected in actual and forecasted financial results
* Support the Accounting team in the design, documentation, and maintenance of internal control processes
* Assist in the preparation of financial reports for external parties of interest
* Assist in the preparation for year-end audits
* Performs other duties and special projects as assigned

**About You**

* Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Finance, Accounting, or Business Management and 5+ years related financial or business analysis experience
* Excellent analysis skills and experience with executive presentations
* Thorough knowledge and experience in Microsoft Office and Google Suite, including expertise in Excel & Google Sheets
* Strong business acumen and exceptional analytical skills to recognize emerging trends in financial data
* Ability to translate and communicate complex financial information to a broad and diverse audience
* Demonstrable experience in leadership, multitasking, and time management
* Possesses excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to build relationships with internal and external stakeholders

This a hybrid position based out of one of our Salem, Pittsburgh, or Fremont offices.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. This range may change based on geographical location and may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Salary Range

$111,000—$173,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
