---
title: Accountant III
status: active
id: '5986011004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5986011004
lastmod: '2026-05-01T14:35:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-01T14:35:29-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Pittsburgh, PA
departments:
- Accounting and Finance
offices:
- Pittsburgh
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

### **Why Agility Robotics Needs You**

At Agility Robotics, we are striving to create a business that will last for decades and finances are the fuel that keeps our company moving. For that, we need to balance forward thinking and bold steps with impeccable accounting records and rigorous controls.

We are looking for a highly skilled **Accountant III** to share ownership of the general ledger and ensure strict compliance with GAAP and all applicable internal or external laws and policies. As a senior member of the team, you will operate with a high degree of autonomy, managing complex financial workflows and preparing deliverables for final leadership review to keep our financial records accurate and compliant.

This is a hybrid position based out of our **Pittsburgh Office** (3+ days/week on site), reporting to the Senior Accounting Manager.

### **About the Role**

The Accountant III manages a comprehensive set of accounting activities to ensure compliance with generally accepted accounting principles, corporate policies, and external audits. This person is a self-starter who is action and goal-oriented in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.

In this role, you will lead the analysis and reconciliation of accounts while independently driving the development and implementation of accounting policies and procedures, submitting completed work for final oversight. You are expected to be a subject matter expert who coordinates across multiple teams to identify and execute process improvements and creation that enhance the department's efficiency.

### **Role Responsibilities**

* **Lead Financial Close:** Drive the monthly and year-end financial close processes, including the independent preparation of complex journal entries, balance sheet reconciliations, and accruals for management review.
* **General Ledger Ownership:** Maintain and oversee set of general ledger accounts, verifying data accuracy and resolving systemic errors autonomously.
* **Process Innovation:** Lead the creation, documentation, and improvement of accounting processes and internal controls to scale with company growth.
* **Audit & Compliance Support:** Participate heavily in the documentation and gathering of audit support, ensuring all materials are audit-ready prior to submission.
* **Systems & Projects:** Serve as a key stakeholder in financial system initiatives and contribute to other unique financial projects as needed.

### **About You**

* **Experience:** 5+ years of accounting experience, preferably with a manufacturing company.
* **Environment:** Experience in high-growth or fast-paced company environments is preferred.
* **Education:** Bachelor’s degree in accounting or finance is **required**. CPA preferred.
* **Technical Expertise:** Advanced knowledge of accounting and corporate finance principles and procedures in compliance with GAAP.
* **Analytical Skills:** Strong analytical skills, including the ability to interpret complex financial data and identify trends.
* **Soft Skills:** Proven ability to multitask, prioritize, and organize effectively while maintaining strict confidentiality.
* **Systems:** Expert proficiency with Google Sheets and/or Excel, and strong technology skills (Google Suite, etc.).
* **Software Preference:** **NetSuite** experience is preferred.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$81,000—$105,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
