---
title: Mechanical Engineer
status: active
id: '5986750004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5986750004
lastmod: '2026-05-26T14:36:58-04:00'
date: '2026-05-05T15:02:36-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Team:**

Our mechanical engineering team is agile and has grown rapidly, and we are looking for a talented engineer to join us in the San Francisco Bay Area. We are responsible for delivering advanced and reliable designs that meet a complex set of requirements to our customers, including software developers, applications engineers, manufacturing engineers and ultimately to fleet deployment managers. We work as a group to develop new technologies, engineer new products, and refine/maintain existing designs. The team is composed of engineers from many backgrounds and levels of experience. 

**About The Role:**

We are designing the next generation of Digit Humanoid Robot for commercial scale. Highly reliable and robust designs are critical to successful deployment of our robots in large quantities. Digit works in demanding environments, performing highly repetitive and heavily loaded tasks. The Mechanical Engineer will work closely with other mechanical engineers and cross functional teams to develop the next generation Digit.  This role will own multiple mechanical and electro-mechanical parts/assemblies and will be responsible for the design, prototyping, and DFx for those parts. This is a hybrid role, requiring you to be at our San Francisco Bay Area (Fremont) facility at least 3-days a week and occasional travel to the RobotFab facility in Salem, Oregon.

**About the work:**

* Own the 3D and 2D design of electromechanical components and subassemblies, including prototyping of parts and subsystems.
* Collaborate with multidisciplinary teams (electrical, industrial design, software, test, and manufacturing) to define requirements and develop design concepts.
* Perform engineering analyses to validate design decisions, including supporting structural and thermal analyses.
* Present and participate in cross-functional design reviews of parts and subsystems.
* Support root cause investigations and implement improvements to enhance Digit robustness.
* Contribute to the development and documentation of mechanical engineering processes.
* Track progress and document design work using Jira and Confluence.
* Deliver quality results within established schedules, budgets, and priorities.
* Create and maintain comprehensive design documentation.
* Travel requirement (25% travel to Salem, Oregon).

**About you:**

* 0 - 3 years of mechanical design experience.
* B.S. or M.S. in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent is a minimum requirement.
* Demonstrable experience in designing and building mechanisms, assemblies and electronics packaging, ideally in robotics.
* Knowledge of various types of motors, encoders, sensors, power transmission, and drive-train-related components such as gears, splines, lead screws, linear guides, harmonic drive actuators, etc.
* Experience prototyping, characterising, testing and optimizing actuators for torque, stiffness, backlash, efficiency and cost.
* Experience in mechanical analysis including modeling, tolerance stacks, static and dynamic analysis, FEA and thermal analysis.
* Expert CAD user and familiarity with either Solidworks, Siemens NX, Creo or Onshape.
* Ideal candidates will have a portfolio showing their prior work and projects.
* Ability to be on-site at Agility’s design facility as needed (minimum 3 days per week).

**Preferred Skills and Experience:**

* Robotic design experience
* Transmission/actuator design experience
* Advanced degree in engineering or science or robotics
* Jira/Confluence experience
* PLM and PDM experience
* Creo and Windchill experience

This a hybrid position based out of one of our Fremont, CA office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$133,000—$172,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
