---
title: Principal Technical Program Manager
status: active
id: '5996525004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5996525004
lastmod: '2026-05-21T13:45:25-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T14:07:09-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- 'Administration '
offices:
- Remote
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role**

Agility Robotics is looking for a Principal Technical Program Manager with experience in building and launching V1 Products. The role will interface across the enterprise with a cross-functional engineering, operations, commercial, and product team to develop complex robotics hardware paired with software for integration into the overall solutions. You will tackle challenging, novel situations every day and given the size of this initiative, you’ll have the opportunity to work with multiple technical teams. You should be comfortable with a degree of ambiguity that’s higher than most projects and relish the idea of solving problems that haven’t been solved at scale before! Everyone on the team needs to be entrepreneurial, wear many hats and work in a highly collaborative environment. We’ll need to tackle problems that span a variety of domains: software, hardware,systems, product, commercial, finance, and operations. Along the way, we guarantee that you’ll learn a ton, have fun and make a positive impact.

**About the work**

This position requires a program management background and direct experience developing complex  systems. You will create and drive high-level strategic initiatives, but will also roll up your sleeves and contribute directly. A Principal TPM anticipates bottlenecks, uses great judgment to make trade-offs, and balances the business needs with technical and operational constraints. Your ability to understand the big picture of the project design and anticipate and plan dependencies is crucial. Your ability to take large, complex projects, break them into manageable pieces, and deliver timely results is invaluable. You will work with a team of experts and drive the team to successfully accomplish the following activities:

* Experience aligning cross functional workstreams together to provide a comprehensive program level view.
* Experience in leading and presenting at senior leadership levels, and driving the discussion to convergence.
* Drive complex cross-functional trades to  balance and program level objectives across performance,cost, quality, and delivery timeline. Coordinate the work of and drive alignment with cross functional teams developing complex robotic systems and solutions.
* Manage the development of complex hardware and software development as well as the operational processes to commercialize the new product.
* Work with multi-disciplinary  teams to evaluate  scope and design changes by balancing short-term improvements and long-term solutions.
* Create, foster and maintain effective working relationships with multi-organizational and multi-functional groups: including systems, hardware, software engineering teams as well as operations, product, commercial and external partners.
* Continual mentoring, coaching and development of Sponsors, stakeholders, team members, business analysts and others throughout the project experience.
* Continuous improvement  and utilization of project reporting KPIs, OKRs and milestones.

**About You:**

This position requires strong interpersonal skills essential to effectively interact with all teams, areas and levels of business.

* 15+  years of direct hands-on experience working in a cross functional Technical Program Management role implementing complex integrated hardware/software products in the automotive, robotics, consumer electronics, or aerospace industries.
* 8+ years of direct hands-on experience as a systems, hardware and/or software engineer working with complex and integrated hardware and software systems.
* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent experience. Advanced Degree preferred.
* Excellent analytical, problem-solving and organizational skills.
* Strong hardware and software process development and implementation experience - including experience with both waterfall and Agile environments and how to bridge between waterfall and Agile.
* Experience developing or working on an end-to-end robotics or automotive system.
* Demonstrated proficiency in metrics, working through data sets, project  forecasting, and scheduling.
* Experience in projecting and managing project financial and operational impacts.
* Comprehensive knowledge and understanding of relevant engineering environments, terminology, practices, language, and products, and possessing enough knowledge in robotics or similar development from concept through to commercialization. Manufacturing experience is advantageous.
* Demonstrated ability and proven track in prioritizing and managing concurrent projects and project tracks of work.
* Utilizes in daily practice process improvement skills throughout all efforts and projects, with timely project completions.
* Working understanding of how to identify and project manage through complex regulatory and compliance requirements.
* Highly motivated self-starter with a passion for excellence, and an emphasis on the need to work in sometimes fast paced environments.
* Proven ability to influence cross functional team members to meet aggressive project plans while comfortably escalating risks and proposing mitigation solutions to senior leadership.
* Demonstrated enterprise-level perspective across engineering, product, commercial, operations, and finance, with strong judgment around cross-functional tradeoffs and downstream impacts to program execution and product delivery.

This is a fully remote role with the option to work hybrid if a commutable distance from our Salem, OR, Pittsburgh, PA, or Fremont, CA offices.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. This range may change based on geographical location and may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$202,000—$316,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
