---
title: Engineering Support Technician
status: active
id: '5997167004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5997167004
lastmod: '2026-06-03T12:41:45-04:00'
date: '2026-06-03T12:41:45-04:00'
location: Onsite- Pittsburgh, PA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Pittsburgh
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Team**

Our Engineering Support Group is looking for a talented technician to join the team. As a member of the Engineering Support Group you are responsible for being highly adaptable and cross-functional to support engineering activities across multiple departments within the company. We look for anyone who has demonstrated excellence, creativity and passion for their work and who enjoys collaborating with and supporting others. 

**About The Role**

Engineering Technicians in this role will be part of the HW Engineering Department reporting to the Engineering Support Manager.  You will be tasked with supporting the development and testing of products, prototypes, support equipment as well as test environments with an emphasis on Electro-mechanical systems. Engineering Support technicians are highly involved in the Debug and repair of internal Engineering fleet prototype robots and systems.  We are a “can-do” team that goes above and beyond to answer the call assisting multiple groups to achieve company success.  A person in this role will be required to travel sometimes on short notice as assigned.  Typical travel availability is 25% as needed 

**About The Work**

* Supports the assembly, Bring-up, testing and debug of new and existing components, products, prototypesMay Design, Build and validate Test Set-ups to facilitate testingExecute test plans as directed by Engineering
* Document and report on issues found during tests and work closely with Engineering to address these.
* May Design, Build, Modify, diagnose, and repair PCBA’s and wire assemblies
* Assist in the diagnosis and documentation Failure Modes and Root causes
* May assist in the creation, implementation, and maintenance of cross-functional training, work instructions, best practices, and procedures to ensure consistency with customer needs, company goals, and industry best practices
* Become a subject matter expert on new products during the development cycle in order to provide hands-on technical assistance to other departments when requested, and to make recommendations on how to improve design robustness.
* Updates and maintains engineering documentation.
* Creates assembly, test procedures, and work instructions.
* Modifies test environments to support development initiatives.
* Provides technical support cross functionally across the company as needed often prioritizing and self managing projects to completion.
* Works with engineering personnel on various tasks to accomplish project goals
* Responsible for general maintenance and cleanliness of the Pittsburgh Lab space.
* Performs other related duties as assigned

**About You**

* Experience with: Electronics Prototyping, soldering, debug, Failure mode and root cause investigations of complex systems, critical thinking, works with limited documentation.
* Experience debugging highly dynamic robotic systems a plus
* Ability to communicate and document activities effectively.Ability to rework PCBA’s, wire assemblies, and other electrical devices
* Ability to read and understand PCBA schematics and wire assembly drawings, must also possess the ability to follow verbal instructions when little to no documentation exists.
* Experience with hand tools, power tools, diagnostic tools, and engineering lab equipment ( Power Supplies, DMM, O-Scopes, etc.)
* Experience and ability with general construction practices, methodologies and  power tools is helpful for test environment modifications and design
* Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose complex electro-mechanical systems.
* Ability to change gears sometimes daily from one task to another without losing focus.
* Understanding of engineering and reliability fundamentals.LINUX CLI skills and experience highly desirable
* Control panel DIN mount design and layout experience a plus
* Experience with Atlassian Software Suite ( Jira, confluence) is a plus.
* Team player, able to work collaboratively as well as independently
* Self-starter, able to take initiative and manage time effectively
* Positive and professional attitude with willingness to jump in and help in all situations

# Education and Experience

* AS degree in Electronics Technology, Engineering Technology and/or 3 years equivalent work experience in an engineering development environment.

This a onsite position based out of one of our Pittsburgh, PA office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$85,000—$111,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
