---
title: Change and Configuration Control Manager
status: active
id: '5997213004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=5997213004
lastmod: '2026-06-18T14:11:29-04:00'
date: '2026-05-15T16:14:12-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Salem, OR
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role**

The Change and Configuration Control Manager is responsible for configuration and change management of design and manufacturing data, ensuring that product and engineering changes are communicated across the organization and incorporated accurately in both Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and Enterprise Requirements Planning (ERP) systems. This role will work closely with Engineering, Manufacturing, Quality, Compliance, Supply Chain, and other departments as required to ensure that design changes are properly documented and communicated.  The Technical Documentation Manager will need to be proficient in both the PLM and ERP data management systems. This is a hybrid role based out of Salem, OR (3 days per week).

**About the Work**

* Capture, configure and enable Release Management for all product data that is developed throughout the lifecycle of a product.
* Review of specifications, CAD models, drawings, and associated standards and documents prior to release for compliance with company standards and program requirements.
* Analyze change requests and change notices to identify impacted disciplines, ensuring proper review and approval.
* Monitor status of changes to ensure timely completion and flow through to downstream functions such as Supply Chain and Manufacturing.
* Audit changes to ensure proper implementation to all downstream impacted organizations including Supply Chain and Manufacturing.
* Maintain configuration baselines of all bills of materials (BOM) for all products and verify that manufacturing builds are using the correct versions of the BOMs and all components.
* Support the Change Control Board by providing detail and analysis as needed to drive decisions.

**About You**

* Bachelor’s Degree (B.S.) in business, computer science, engineering, information management systems, or a related discipline or equivalent experience
* Configuration Management II (CMII) certification, or Configuration Management Principles & Implementation Certification (CMPIC)
* Prior experience with Windchill PDMLink PLM system
* A minimum of three (3) years of product or documentation management experience in a manufacturing environment
* Prior experience executing change management processes in PLM and ERP systems
* Excellent analytical and critical thinking skills
* Excellent written and oral communications skills, technical writing experience, and procedure and instruction writing experience
* High level of communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate with people at all levels and functions

**Other Duties**

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job as this is subject to change at any time with or without notice. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give such instructions or assignments.

**Work Environment & Physical Demands**

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; talk and hear; use hands to touch, feel, handle, push/pull and move objects; see details of objects that are less than a few feet away; see differences between colors, shades, and brightness. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and move around the office; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, crawl, reach, and stretch; and see details of objects that are more than a few feet away.

**Location**

* This a hybrid position based out of one of our Salem, Pittsburgh, or Fremont offices.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$126,000—$164,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
