---
title: Senior Mechanical Engineer
status: active
id: '6008696004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6008696004
lastmod: '2026-06-26T13:20:47-04:00'
date: '2026-06-26T13:20:47-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Innovation
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About The Role:**

At Agility, our Hardware Innovation team is a small, interdisciplinary group responsible for discovering new technologies, de-risking novel approaches, and enabling cutting-edge behaviors for our robotic platforms. We operate as a forward-looking unit, bridging the gap between current capabilities and the future of Digit.

As a Senior Robotics Mechanical Engineer, you will be instrumental in bringing these future-facing projects to life. Working alongside veteran roboticists, you will own the prototype lifecycle of new electromechanical subsystems - from initial analysis and CREO design to hands-on assembly and experimental testing.

You should be comfortable integrating components like motors, cameras, and encoders, and ready to support "whatever is needed" to get a system running—which may include circuit design, wiring, or embedded software depending on your skillset. While our team is nimble, you will collaborate with experts across the entire organization to pull in specialized knowledge as projects evolve from concept to reality.

**About the work:**

* Utilize CAD software to design durable components that meet specific load, industrial design, manufacturability and lifetime requirements.
* Develop and build custom test fixtures to assist with component and system validation testing.
* Work closely with cross-functional teams (e.g. Mechanical, Electrical, Software, Manufacturing) to integrate designs and resolve issues.
* Participate in design reviews, providing input and incorporating feedback from the team.
* Maintain clear and organized documentation of design iterations, analysis results, and test data.
* Investigate and troubleshoot mechanical failures or performance issues in existing hardware and implement corrective actions.

**About You**

* BSME + 5 years relevant industry experience OR MSME +3 years relevant industry experience OR PhD + 1 years relevant industry experience
* Experience in electromechanical system design, including familiarity with mechanisms, actuators, thermal management, sensor/electronics integration, and/or structures.
* Practical fabrication experience and a portfolio of projects (ranging from college competitions to high-tech industry experience - we want to see what you’ve been up to!).
* Proficient in mechanical CAD software (PTC Creo preferred)
* Proficient at creating mechanical drawings and familiarity with GD&T
* Experience supporting test design, implementation and reporting

**Preferred Skills and Experience:**

* Creo/Windchill Experience
* A basic understanding of robotics principles, control systems, or mechatronics.
* Familiarity with common components in robotic systems, specifically electric motors, motor controllers, gearboxes, encoders, and bearings.
* Experience designing systems that need to meet tight size or weight requirements.
* Experience with basic programming skills (e.g., Python, MATLAB) for data analysis, engineering calculations, or simple task automation.

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$162,000—$210,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
