---
title: Staff Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: '6026732004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6026732004
lastmod: '2026-06-30T14:11:16-04:00'
date: '2026-06-30T14:11:16-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About The Role**

This role is integral to the design of the next generation of Digit, aimed at meeting customer needs at a commercial scale. The Staff Electrical Engineer will be responsible for driving robot hardware architecture, as well as designing and developing robust and reliable hardware for this new robot generation. Collaboration with a multi-discipline team of engineers is essential to understand product requirements and ensure designs are robust, safe, and production-ready.

**About The Work**

The Staff Electrical Engineer's responsibilities include:

* Acting as an electrical engineering architect and leader for major subsystem design
* Performing project and technical leadership for a subsystem, including collecting status in leaf-level scrums (or equivalent) to report into a daily Scrum-of-Scrums.
* Translating product requirements into engineering specifications and ensuring cross-functional alignment across multiple domains, especially collaborating with mechanical design teams to close on PCB mechanical requirements.
* Collaborating with internal and external test, QA, Safety, and manufacturing teams to enhance design for safety, test, manufacturing, and assembly
* Developing and executing test plans for intermediate and final products, including test fixture design and software development
* Implementing Printed Circuit Board schematics and implementing and/or overseeing PCB layout to create PCB engineering deliverables for release.
* Managing internal stakeholders (Purchasing, Ops, etc.), component vendors/selection, layout contractors, and fab and assembly houses to achieve aggressive prototype fab and assembly goals.
* Lead verification and validation of subsystem and boards, including EMC and safety.
* Leading cross-functional design and release reviews against design and verification checklists, improving the quality and efficiency of reviews and checklists
* Leading debugging efforts and root cause analysis for hardware and software defects within Engineering, Systems, and Operations
* Mentoring, coaching, and delegating EE support work (checklists, verification) to Senior and entry-level EEs.
* Managing \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ambiguity - (capable of  filling in the blanks)

**About You**

Candidates should possess the following qualifications:

* A Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering (or equivalent)
* A minimum of 10 years of electrical design experience, with at least 2 years specifically in robotics
* Extensive experience with Altium for schematic entry, PCB layout, and harness development, coupled with strong manufacturing test capabilities and knowledge of EMC compliance
* Proficiency in embedded controls, high-speed differential signaling, microcontrollers, memory buses, digital design, and power electronics
* Demonstrated skills in collaborative design, conflict resolution, and team development
* 3D visualization capabilities to imagine and optimize space-constrained circuitry in challenging mechanical and thermal environments
* Enjoys and thrives at working in a dynamic, fast-growing environment where you will be meeting new colleagues every week.

**Bonus Points**

Candidates with the following will be highly regarded:

* An advanced degree with robotics experience
* Technical knowledge and hands-on experience with one or more of:

+ High-capacity Li batteries and BMS implementations
+ DC-DC conversion (switching power supplies, standard and LDO linear regulators)
+ EtherCAT or Ethernet
+ Sensor fusion (Lidar, radar, cameras, etc.)
+ RF SOM and antenna design, Bluetooth
+ Flex circuit design
+ Cable harness design (esp. Altium Harness experience)
+ Analog design, esp. sensing and instrumentation (sensors, op-amps & A/Ds)
+ Motors and motor control, particularly BLDC motors
+ Functional Safety

* Multidisciplinary debugging techniques operable in the engineering lab or factory floor
* Adjacent engineering disciplines (PCB layout, firmware, mechanical, test)
* Project management experience (esp. using Jira)
* Altium super-user for schematics or layout
* A strong understanding of structured product development (including requirements-driven engineering, comprehensive documentation, and rigorous verification)
* Experience with engineering verification test development and execution.

---

**Location**

* This a hybrid position based out of our Fremont office. Candidates should anticipate regular travel to Salem, Oregon, averaging one week per month over a year, with bursts of extended stays in Salem during critical project phases.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$194,000—$253,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
