---
title: Senior Staff Systems Integration Engineer (Tech Lead)
status: active
id: '6083311004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6083311004
lastmod: '2026-07-22T17:53:51-04:00'
date: '2026-07-22T17:53:51-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role**We are seeking a **Sr. Staff Systems Integration Engineer** to serve as the technical leader for our Systems Integration team. In this role, you will own the overarching strategy for the bring-up and integration of new robotic systems, drive investigations into highly ambiguous, cross-functional root cause analysis, and architect net-new supporting processes to scale the integration team. Your contributions and technical leadership will create clarity and structure in complex environments, ensuring new prototypes come online smoothly and critical issues are rapidly resolved. 

**About the Work**

**System Bring-Up,  Integration, & Strategy**

* Architect the strategy for the bring-up and integration of full humanoid robotic systems, managing competing priorities across the team to ensure alignment with broader program  goals.
* Anticipate future obstacles during early phases and proactively develop primary and contingency plans to ensure readiness for delivery to partners and engineering verification and validation test campaigns.
* Set clear technical milestones for the team, establishing the integration architecture and frameworks that will be used across multiple integrations and future product lines.

**Test Development & Systems Architecture**

* Drive the integration team’s technical direction for nominal path functional testing & edge-case testing, ensuring robot mobility, manipulation, perception, and charging is integrated and functionally tested on time.
* Lead the creation of tools, systems, and processes that solve complex integration problems and deliver significant improvements impacting the whole integration function.
* Establish the technical strategy during integration for assessing platform functionality, stability, and risk, translating findings into high-impact feedback that drives design change across engineering departments.

**Issue Triage & Root Cause Analysis**

* Shape the problem-solving strategy for highly ambiguous, high-impact system anomalies across multiple domains, driving diverse engineering groups toward unified, scalable solutions.
* Drive definitive technical decisions during the triage of critical failures, seamlessly blending deep domain expertise with a comprehensive understanding of adjacent mechanical, electrical, and software disciplines.
* Drive a culture of continuous technical growth by building the scalable diagnostic frameworks and mentorship systems required to structurally uplevel the organization’s troubleshooting and root-cause analysis capabilities.

**Cross-Functional Collaboration**

+ Shape the team's collaborative strategy and culture by resolving friction and actively removing systemic barriers to teamwork and communication.
+ Act as a key technical spokesperson for the team, communicating complex concepts, influencing across the program, and facilitating high-impact cross-functional conversations.
+ Drive a culture of continuous growth. Grow and mentor engineers by connecting them with resources and build systems that support long-term mentorship and advocacy.

**About You**

* **Experience:**
  + 10-12+ years of experience in Systems Integration, Systems Engineering, or related R&D functions with a focus on complex mechatronic or autonomous systems.
  + Demonstrates deep expertise in their primary domain (integration/systems) while integrating knowledge across mechanical, electrical, and software disciplines to make well-informed technical judgments.
  + Track record of operating as a technical leader, trusted to make critical decisions that shape program outcomes.
  + Proven ability to guide teams through periods of significant technical change, uncertainty, or architectural shifts.
  + **Technical Expertise:**
  + Deep expertise in integration methods for complex electro-mechanical systems spanning hardware, software, and control systems.
  + Proven capability to lead the creation and implementation of net-new integration processes, deployment methodologies, and operational workflows that solve complex lifecycle problems and deliver significant improvements across the function.
  + Knowledge of structured systems engineering principles and system architecture, with a proven ability to integrate knowledge across mechanical, electrical, and software disciplines to make high-impact technical judgments.
  + Expert ability to reframe unprecedented, highly ambiguous multi-system problems and define scalable, reusable architectural solutions.
  + Deep expertise in architecting high-leverage diagnostic tools, instrumentation strategies, data-logging systems, and automated test frameworks from the ground up.
  + Preferred: Experience with humanoid or mobile robotic architectures, autonomous vehicles, aerospace, or other safety-critical domains with complex hardware/software boundaries.
* **Education:**
  + Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD degree in Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Robotics, or related field

---

**Location**

* This a hybrid position based out of one of our Fremont, CA office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$217,000—$281,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
