---
title: Senior Electrical Engineer
status: active
id: '6103178004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6103178004
lastmod: '2026-06-29T13:02:07-04:00'
date: '2026-06-29T13:02:07-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About The Role**

This role will influence the design of the next generation of Digit, aimed at meeting customer needs at a commercial scale. The Senior Engineer will help drive the robot design and will develop robust and reliable electronics for this and future robot generations. Collaboration with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers is essential to understand product requirements and ensure designs are robust, safe, and production-ready.

**About The Work**

The Senior Electrical Engineer's responsibilities include:

* Implementing Printed Circuit Board schematics and implementing and/or overseeing PCB layout to create PCB engineering deliverables for release.
* Estimating duration of work efforts to contribute to project schedules
* Identifying, selecting, and qualifying components; generating new parts & symbols.
* Creating engineering verification checklists, executing verification, and documenting results.
* Executing design and release checklists and presenting your design at cross-functional design reviews.
* Executing rapid prototyping and bring-up of electrical systems at the board level.
* Implementing design for emissions, test, manufacturing, and assembly test.
* Participating in debugging efforts and root cause analysis for hardware and software defects within Engineering, Systems, and Operations
* Managing \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ambiguity - (capable of  filling in the blanks)

**About You**

Candidates should possess the following qualifications:

* A Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering (or equivalent).
* 7 or more years of electrical design experience
* Deep experience with Altium for component generation and schematic entry
* Experience managing inside and outside PCB layout designers, including written layout briefs.
* Experience in embedded controls, high-speed differential signaling, microcontrollers, memory buses, digital design, and power electronics (switching power supplies)
* 3D visualization capabilities to imagine and optimize space constrained circuitry in challenging mechanical and thermal environments

Candidates should thrive in a highly dynamic environment with rapidly evolving requirements, tight schedules, and enjoy building collaborative relationships on a daily basis.

**Bonus Points**

Candidates with more of the following will be more highly regarded:

* An advanced degree with robotics experience
* Technical knowledge and hands-on experience with one or more of:

+ High-capacity Li batteries and BMS implementations
+ DC-DC conversion (switching power supplies, standard and LDO linear regulators)
+ Sensor fusion (Lidar, radar, cameras, etc.)
+ RF SOM and antenna design
+ Flex circuit design
+ Cable harness design (esp. Altium Harness experience)
+ Analog design, especially sensing and instrumentation (sensors, op-amps & A/Ds)
+ Motors and motor control, particularly BLDC motors

* Multidisciplinary debugging techniques operable in the engineering lab or factory floor
* Adjacent engineering disciplines (PCB layout, firmware, mechanical, test)
* Project management experience (especially using Jira)
* Altium super-user for schematics or layout
* A strong understanding of structured product development (including requirements-driven engineering, comprehensive documentation, and rigorous verification)

**Location**

* This a hybrid position based out of our Fremont office. Candidates should anticipate regular travel to Salem, Oregon, averaging one week per month over a year, with bursts of extended stays in Salem during critical project phases.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$174,000—$226,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
