---
title: Manager, Logistics
status: active
id: '6105210004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6105210004
lastmod: '2026-07-01T10:33:49-04:00'
date: '2026-07-01T10:33:49-04:00'
location: Onsite- Salem, OR
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role**

We are looking for a Manager, Logistics who is passionate about utilizing robotics to improve our daily lives. Leading a key segment of our Supply Chain team, you will oversee the coordination of shipments of inventory and expensed materials.  

This role will include the responsibility to manage a small team that facilitates both outgoing shipments to regional office locations and customers as well as inbound raw materials and assemblies coming from raw material manufacturers and vendors. 

You will partner closely with Inventory Management, Quality, Sourcing, Purchasing and Planning teams to ensure we move inventory to the right place and at the right time, to meet surging global demand for our groundbreaking robots.

The ideal candidate is a person with strong analytical skills and the ability to think at both tactical and strategic levels.  This leader must be competent at doing individual contributor work as well as leading other individual contributors.  As with any technology development company, we need team members who possess the ability to be proactive at anticipating and mitigating supply chain risks.   

Their duties include preparing both outgoing FGI and incoming parts for handling.  Reviews incoming and outgoing shipment schedules to maintain productive operations and document damages to inventory. Prepares all required shipping documents and optimizes cost/quality/delivery through utilization of best carriers.  Staff

**About the Work**

* Manages the outbound and inbound of all products, materials, and supplies
* Prepare all required shipping documents and exercise due diligence to optimize cost/quality/delivery through utilization of best carriers.
* Stay informed of logistics industry regulations and certifications, especially pertaining to the transportation of hazardous materials including but not limited to lithium-ion batteries.  Certified to oversee shipment of hazardous materials.
* Understanding of global logistics industry leading providers and cost drivers, to enable ‘should-cost’ analytical work for shipments
* Staff will need to review incoming and outgoing shipment schedules to maintain productive operations and document damage to inventory.
* Collaborates and communicates with external parties, such as logistics providers and customer service representatives, to ensure success of shipping activities
* Audit, maintain and create detailed reporting on shipping costs
* Investigate HTS codes and prepares pro-forma invoices for international shipments
* Tracks, traces, and updates the status of incoming and outgoing shipments
* Ability to coordinate international Carnet shipments
* Partner with commercial team members by handling shipping logistics for major projects and key customer accounts and engagements such as demos or trade shows
* Optimizes shipment modes for HR and IT deliveries to other sites and remote employees
* Support outsourced assemblers by actively engaging with buyers and production schedulers to confirm status for pending receipts
* Promptly unloads trucks and deliveries, verifies goods received, records receipt for accounts payable and inventory management, and reports damages/discrepancies to appropriate parties.
* Leads the exploration of carrier and 3PL supplier quoting for current and future operations
* Responsible for accurate receiving data in the MRP system and recognized subject matter expert on ERP processes related to shipping and receiving.
* Works as a subject matter expert for inventory flow through current and future shipping & receiving areas
* Formulate and implement all processes related to shipping & receiving. This includes manuals, reference material, and operating procedures.
* Operates equipment such as forklifts and pallet jacks as needed.
* Oversees and maintains a clean and organized shipping/receiving area.

**About You**

* Experience: 5+ years of experience in logistics & warehousing in high-tech, robotics, or industrial manufacturing, with at least 2–3 years in a supervisory or management role
* Education: BA/BS degree in Supply Chain, Operations, Engineering, or a related field is preferred or equivalent work experience. MBA or Master’s in Supply Chain preferred.
* Strong knowledge of logistics master data in an ERP
* Leadership & Influence: Exceptional interpersonal, negotiation, and facilitation skills. You excel at driving cross-functional alignment across Sales, Finance, Engineering, and Operations to achieve overarching organizational goals
* Analytical Power: Advanced data visualization and reporting skills; ability to translate complex supply chain data into high-level strategic insights for executive presentations.
* Adaptability: Proven ability to thrive and establish structure in a fast-paced, evolving environment where processes are still being defined.
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to share data and information via documents, spreadsheets, and other tools.
* Certifications: Class 9 Miscellaneous Dangerous Goods and any other relevant Hazardous Materials (Hazmat) / Dangerous Goods (DG) certifications.  Responsible for maintenance of required shipping certifications and standards recognized by DOT and IATA for dangerous goods shipping.

---

**Location**

* This is an onsite position at our Salem office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$112,000—$145,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
