---
title: Staff Mechanical Engineer
status: active
id: '6107280004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6107280004
lastmod: '2026-07-02T11:44:33-04:00'
date: '2026-07-02T11:44:33-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Team:**

Our mechanical engineering team is growing rapidly and we are looking for a talented and motivated mechanical engineer to join us in the San Francisco Bay Area office. We are responsible for delivering advanced and reliable robot designs that meet a complex set of requirements. We develop new technologies, engineer new products and maintain existing designs. The team is composed of engineers from many backgrounds and levels of experience.

**About The Role:**

The Staff Mechanical Engineer will work closely with other mechanical engineers and cross functional teams to develop and scale the next generation Digit. This role will own multiple mechanical and electro-mechanical sub systems and will be responsible for the design, prototyping, and DFx. The Staff Mechanical Engineer is expected to mentor and nurture younger engineers in the team.

**About the work:**

* Own the design of electromechanical components and subsystems.
* Collaborate with multidisciplinary teams (electrical, industrial design, software, test, and manufacturing) to define requirements and develop design concepts.
* Perform engineering analyses to validate design decisions, including supporting structural and thermal analyses.
* Present and participate in cross-functional design reviews.
* Support root cause investigations and implement improvements.
* Contribute to the development and documentation of mechanical engineering processes.
* Track progress and document design work using Jira and Confluence.
* Deliver quality results within established schedules, budgets, and priorities.
* Create and maintain comprehensive design documentation.
* Mentor and support the development of junior engineers.
* This is a hybrid role required to be in the office 3 days a week in our Fremont office in the San Francisco Bay Area.
* Travel requirement (25% travel to Robot Factory in Salem, Oregon)

**About you:**

* Demonstrated experience in mechanism design, electronics packaging, and knowledge of various types of motors, encoders, sensors, power transmission, and drive-train-related components such as gears, splines, lead screws, linear guides, harmonic drive actuators, etc.
* 8-12 years of mechanical design experience.
* B.S. or M.S. in Mechanical Engineering
* Proven experience designing and building mechanisms and assemblies, preferably in robotics
* Demonstrated experience in mechanical analysis including modeling tolerance stacks, static and dynamic analysis, FEA and thermal analysis
* Creo and Windchill experience

**Preferred Skills and Experience:**

* Actuator design or selection experience
* Advanced degree in mechatronics or robotics
* Jira/Confluence experience for project management
* Creo and Windchill experience

---

This a hybrid position based out of one of our Fremont, CA office

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$185,000—$240,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
