---
title: Manufacturing Engineering Technician
status: active
id: '6113730004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6113730004
lastmod: '2026-07-23T12:40:46-04:00'
date: '2026-07-23T12:40:46-04:00'
location: Onsite- Salem, OR
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role**

The Manufacturing Engineering Technician is responsible for the stocking, issuing, and maintaining equipment and tools required to keep the production line running as well as running trial builds and experiments to validate new processes and designs. Your work will ensure the smooth operation of our robotics production line, directly contributing to the advancement of humanoid robotics in real-world applications.

 **About the Work**

* Maintain a clean, organized Equipment Maintenance and Tool Crib area, ensuring compliance with safety standards.
* Maintain safety stock of all critical equipment, parts, and tools.
* Maintain an accurate equipment and tool identification log, including usage and status.
* Schedule and coordinate calibration of tools to ensure compliance with manufacturing standards.
* Perform routine preventative maintenance, repairs, and basic troubleshooting to maximize equipment uptime. Create supporting documentation where required.
* Conduct verification and validation tests on tools and equipment.
* Assemble and disassemble robot assemblies for verification and validation testing of process and design improvements.
* Perform work with a strong commitment to safety, quality, schedule and teamwork.
* Work with a professional, respectful, collaborative and positive attitude.
* Collaborate with engineers and production teams to identify and resolve issues.

### **About You**

* High school diploma or GED; 2-year technical degree or military equivalent preferred.
* 2+ years in a manufacturing, maintenance, or technical role preferred.
* Experience working in Electro Static Discharge Sensitive (ESDS) areas is preferred.
* Solid hand tool skills, mechanical aptitude and visual acuity; electronics skills a strong plus.
* Able to efficiently assemble production workbenches and set up tools/equipment straight out of the package.
* Ability to understand technical equipment manuals and follow standard troubleshooting and repair procedures.
* Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to communicate technical issues effectively. Excellent analytical, verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
* Must be computer literate and able to learn and use software (e.g. Google Suite, Jira, etc.).
* Must be highly responsible, self-driven, and effectively work both independently and with a team.
* Must have excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
* Ability to work Mon-Fri, with potential overtime during the week or on weekends as required (not typical).
* Capable of lifting up to 40 lbs.

### **Other Duties:**

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job as this is subject to change at any time with or without notice. 

Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give such instructions or assignments.

**Work Environment & Physical Demands:**

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; talk and hear; use hands to touch, feel, handle, push/pull and move objects; see details of objects that are less than a few feet away; see differences between colors, shades, and brightness. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and move around the office; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, crawl, reach, and stretch; and see details of objects that are more than a few feet away.

---

**Location**

* This is an onsite position at our Salem, OR office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$29—$38 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
