---
title: Senior Staff Mfg. Design Engineer
status: active
id: '6113722004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6113722004
lastmod: '2026-07-13T12:46:13-04:00'
date: '2026-07-13T12:46:13-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Salem, OR
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role** We are seeking an experienced **Senior Staff Manufacturing Design Engineer** to lead the design and manufacturability of high-performance, precision components used in our cutting-edge humanoid robotics systems. In this role, you will be instrumental in driving New Product Introduction (NPI), Design for Manufacturability (DFM), and cross-functional collaboration from early concept to production.

 As a senior staff technical contributor, you’ll work with cross-disciplinary teams—including mechanical, electrical, controls, and manufacturing engineering—to ensure our robots meet world-class standards in quality, cost, reliability, and scalability. You’ll help architect the mechanical backbone of Digit and shape how it comes to life in production.

**About the Work**

* Drive Design for Manufacturability (DFM) and for Assembly (DFA) throughout the product lifecycle—from R&D through prototyping, validation, and scalable production.
* Apply GD&T (ASME Y14.5) to high-precision, tolerance-critical robotic components and ensure alignment with design intent and manufacturing feasibility.
* Collaborate with internal teams and external suppliers to validate component designs, optimize manufacturing processes, and reduce cost and lead times.
* Create and manage CAD models and detailed engineering drawings using Creo to support current and new products and fixtures.
* Solid understanding of change management, use of item attributes, engineering changes, engineering and manufacturing bills of material, material dispositions, and effectivity, and implementation.
* Guide prototype builds and design reviews, ensuring engineering rigor and cross-functional alignment.
* Support tooling and fixture development for repeatable, high-yield manufacturing.
* Mentor junior engineers and promote engineering best practices across the design and manufacturing teams.
* Continuously improve documentation, design processes, and design standards to support scalability and production excellence.

**About You**

* 15+ years of experience in mechanical design and manufacturing engineering experience in robotics, aerospace, semiconductor or medical equipment , or other complex electromechanical systems.
* Proven expertise in DFM, DFA and critical tolerance analysis for precision mechanical systems and components.
* Strong background in designing for assembly, inspection, and automation in high-mix, low-to-medium volume production environments.
* Proficient in CAD tools (ie: Creo 5.0), GD&T and tolerance stack up analysis.
* Strong understanding of mechanical inspection tools and processes (ie: CMM, micrometer, bore gauges, profile testers, optical inspection, etc.).
* Experience using PLM software, bonus points for experience using WindChill.
* Excellent problem-solving, organizational, and communication skills.
* Strong knowledge of actuation systems, robotic kinematics, sensors, and cable management is a plus.
* Experience working across teams including Design, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Production, Quality, Test, Systems Engineering, and Program Management.
* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field, or a minimum of 15+ years relevant design experience.

---

**Location**

* This is a hybrid position based out of our Salem office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$163,000—$254,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
