---
title: Senior Manufacturing Test Software Engineer
status: active
id: '6114083004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6114083004
lastmod: '2026-07-10T16:58:12-04:00'
date: '2026-07-10T16:58:12-04:00'
location: Onsite- Salem, OR
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- 'Salem '
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

Agility Robotics is at the forefront of humanoid robotics, developing advanced robots designed to function seamlessly in human environments. Our mission is to build robots that enhance productivity and support industries through safe and effective automation.  We are seeking a **Senior Manufacturing Test Software Engineer** to ensure the reliability, functionality, and robustness of our daily software releases through structured testing, debugging, and validation processes.

### **About the Role**

As a Senior Manufacturing Test Software Engineer, you will play a critical role in developing software solutions used in manufacturing test stations to test our fleet of Digit robots.  You will be responsible for developing and maintaining the software architecture used by the manufacturing test stations.    You will work closely with hardware and  software developers, control engineers, systems engineers, manufacturing and test teams to gather test requirements, implement testing functions and sequences, develop/improve automation SW, and drive a culture of quality and continuous improvement.

This role requires deep technical expertise in scripting languages (Python preferred),  Test Sequencers (i.e NI Test Stand),  Database management, robotic systems, strong analytical skills, and the ability to collaborate across engineering disciplines.

### **About the Work**

* Develop automated test sequences for complex electro-mechanical  sub-assemblies
* Create efficient processes and tools to track, analyze and report test results
* Identify, analyze, and log issues found in new software builds, ensuring detailed documentation and clear communication with key stakeholders
* Work with manufacturing and engineering teams to reproduce, isolate, and diagnose test failures in the manufacturing line
* Track regression trends and ensure critical fixes are properly validated before release

* Develop expertise in robot software and hardware SW and HW sub-systems  to deliver structured test cases and scenarios to validate core robot functionality, including locomotion, perception, manipulation, and decision-making
* Assist in log analysis, data visualization, and test script debugging to provide precise feedback to development teams

* Work closely with robotics software, controls, and systems engineering teams to establish best practices for continuous validation and software quality assurance.
* Define and improve processes for tracking and prioritizing software bugs, ensuring effective communication between manufacturing and product development teams
* Provide technical input on product software releases, ensuring that major issues are captured, prioritized, and resolved before deployment
* Help establish quality gates for software deployment, balancing speed of development with stability and reliability

* Generate detailed test reports, including logs, screenshots, and video recordings, to communicate test results clearly
* Maintain up-to-date test software documentation ensuring consistency and repeatability of testing procedures
* Provide weekly summaries on software deliverables,  major issues, and key areas for improvement

### **About You**

* MS in Computer Science, Robotics, Mechatronics, or a related field with 5+ years of industry experience (or BS with 8+ years of industry experience).
* Strong experience in software development,  validation, and debugging, ideally in a startup or fast-paced development environment
* Experience developing software for manufacturing test processes
* Hands-on experience troubleshooting complex robotic systems, with an understanding of embedded software, perception, controls, and locomotion
* Familiarity with software debugging tools, log analysis, and data visualization for diagnosing system behavior
* Proficiency in scripting languages like Python for testing, automation, and log processing
* Experience working with robot simulation environments (e.g., MuJoCo, Gazebo, Isaac Sim) is a plus
* Strong analytical mindset with a detail-oriented, structured approach to problem-solving
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, able to effectively document and communicate technical findings

---

**Location**

* This is an onsite position at our Salem office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$125,000—$163,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
