---
title: Staff Systems Integration Engineer (Power & Compute)
status: active
id: '6114100004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.agilityrobotics.com/about/job-post?gh_jid=6114100004
lastmod: '2026-07-20T18:04:37-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T18:04:37-04:00'
location: Hybrid- Fremont, CA
departments:
- Hardware
offices:
- Fremont
---

Agility’s commercially deployed humanoids operate alongside teams in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers—tackling physically demanding and repetitive tasks while enabling workers to focus on higher-value work. With industry-leading safety standards and years of proven deployment data, we're pioneering a new era of automation that enhances human potential.

**About the Role**Agility Robotics is at the forefront of humanoid robotics, redefining how robots interact with and navigate the human world. Our robots rely on a complex intersection of hardware and advanced software to perform tasks in dynamic environments.

We are seeking a **Staff** **Systems Integration Engineer** to join our Systems Integration team. In this role you will own the strategy of the bring-up and integration of new robotic systems, drive investigation into complex, cross functional root cause analysis, and build up supporting processes and architectures for more effective, efficient development. Your contributions and technical leadership will drive clarity in ambiguous situations, ensuring new prototypes come online smoothly, system functions operate with stability, and technical issues are rapidly understood and resolved.

**About the Work**

**System Bring-Up & Integration**

* Lead bring-up of new sub-systems (torso, perception, energy, compute) and their integration into full humanoid robotic systems
* Bring-up and integration of full robotic systems & drive collaboration with key partners and stakeholders
* Verify hardware/software interfaces and confirm system-level interactions during early development stages
* Develop, execute, and scale integration plans, anticipating future obstacles and developing plans to ensure readiness for prototype builds and delivery to partners and engineering verification and validation test campaigns

**Test Development & Execution**

* Architect the strategy for nominal path functional tests to confirm correct operation of robot mobility, manipulation, perception, charging, and other functions
* Drive technical direction for the development of integration-level test cases and automated test workflows
* Track system-level performance, risks, & stability and provide feedback for design iteration

**Issue Triage & Root Cause Analysis**

* Drive resolution of complex, systematic issues identified in system bring-up or functional testing and provide mentorship to the team to triage and resolve issues
* Drive cross-functional debugging sessions spanning mechanical, electrical, and software teams.
* Use structured problem-solving and data analysis methods to identify root causes and define corrective actions

**Cross-Functional Collaboration**

+ Work closely with systems, hardware, software, and test engineers to ensure alignment between design intent, requirements, and system performance
+ Document integration issues and outcomes in internal knowledge bases to accelerate future debugging and prevent recurrence
+ Lead the creation and implementation of tools, diagnostic systems, and workflows that improve team productivity and system stability across the integration function
+ Mentor engineers and technicians in systematic troubleshooting and integration practices

**About You**

* **Experience:**

* 8+ years of experience in Systems Integration or related R&D functions with a focus on complex mechatronic or autonomous systems
* Breadth of experience working with systems and teams that include mechanical, electrical, and software components
* Proven knowledge of key architectures and functionality of electro-mechanical, compute, and power systems
* Proven track record designing and running engineering tests and characterizations for high performance platforms
* Proven ability to lead cross-functional deep-dives and drive definitive technical decisions during the triage of critical, multi-system anomalies
* Preferred: Experience with Nvidia Jetson
* Preferred: Experience with computer vision systems

* **Technical Expertise:**

* Expertise in integration methods of complex electro-mechanical systems that span systems, hardware, software, and control systems
* Expertise with system level, sub-system level, and component level debugging, data logging, and root cause analysis
* Expertise with instrumentation and test development
* Preferred: Experience in robotics, autonomous vehicles, aerospace, or other safety-critical domains
* Preferred: Knowledge of humanoid or mobile robotic architectures and subsystems

* **Education:**

+ Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Robotics, or related field

---

**Location**

* This is a hybrid position based out of our Fremont office.

*The final salary offered to a successful candidate will be dependent on several factors that may include but are not limited to: job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Agility Robotics is a multi-state employer and this salary range may not reflect positions who work in other locations. These ranges may be modified in the future.*

Anticipated Base Salary Range

$190,000—$247,000 USD

***In addition to base pay, our competitive total rewards package consists of the following for full-time employees:***

* **401(k) Plan:** Includes a 6% company match.
* **Equity:** Company stock options.
* **Insurance Coverage:** 100% company-paid medical, dental, vision, and short/long-term disability insurance for employees.
* **Benefit Start Date:** Eligible for benefits on your first day of employment.
* **Well-Being Support:** Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
* **Time Off:**
  + **Exempt Employees:** Flexible, unlimited PTO and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown.
  + **Non-Exempt Employees:** 10 vacation days, paid sick leave, and 12 company holidays, including a winter shutdown, annually.
* **On-Site Perks:** Catered lunches four times a week and a variety of healthy snacks and refreshments at our Salem and Pittsburgh locations.
* **Parental Leave:** Generous paid parental leave programs.
* **Work Environment:** A culture that supports flexible work arrangements.
* **Growth Opportunities:** Professional development and tuition reimbursement programs.
* **Relocation Assistance:** Provided for eligible roles.
* **Annual Discretionary Bonus:** Provided for eligible roles.

All of our roles are U.S.-based. Applicants must have current authorization to work in the United States.

Agility Robotics is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, it is the policy of Agility Robotics to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Agility Robotics prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

**Agility Robotics does not accept unsolicited referrals from third-party recruiting agencies.  We prioritize direct applicants and encourage all qualified candidates to apply directly through our careers page.  If you are represented by a third party, your application may not be considered.  To ensure full consideration, please apply directly.**

Apply Now: <https://grnh.se/b444bbd04us>
