---
title: Future Opportunities- Software Engineering
status: active
id: '5633540004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5633540004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2025-08-27T18:37:28-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
---

**About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

At Epirus, we’re always looking ahead—and that includes building relationships with forward-thinking engineers who want to shape the future of defense technology. While we may not have an immediate opening that matches your background, we invite you to express interest in future Software Engineering opportunities.

Whether your strengths lie in Backend Software, Frontend/UX/UI, Software Testing (HIL), or Software Infrastructure, there could be a place for you on our team as we grow.

*\*\*This posting is for resume collection in anticipation of future opportunities. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you if a suitable position becomes available.\*\**

**Learn More about our Software Engineering Roles:**

**Software Engineering Roles (backend or embedded)**

* Design and implement software of embedded devices and systems from requirements to production and deployment
* Design, develop, code, test, and debug system software
* Build real-time control software for a variety of projects
* Analyze and enhance the efficiency, stability and scalability of system resources

**Frontend UX/UI Engineering Roles**

* Collaborate effectively with UX/UI designers to ensure the seamless translation of design concepts into functional, user-friendly interfaces
* Collaborate effectively with our backend teams to improve API designs
* Integrate novel front-end tech into our stack
* Optimize not just performance but developer experience, CI/CD, and testing

**Infrastructure Engineering Roles**

* Design a cloud infrastructure that is secure, scalable, and highly available on AWS.
* Work collaboratively with software engineering to define infrastructure and deployment requirements.
* Provision, configure, and maintain AWS cloud infrastructure defined as code.
* Ensure configuration and compliance with configuration management tools.

**Basic Qualifications**

* 2+ years of experience in development in C and C++
* Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field,
* Experience with one or more modern systems language(s): Python, Java, VHDL, Verilog, Go, Rust, etc.

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Strong foundation in networking concepts and Linux system administration
* Experience with Xilinx FPGA and Embedded Cortex CPU architectures. Experience with
* Drone Control Software (e,g. ArduPilot, PX4)
* Professional front-end/UI development experience, JavaScript and TypeScript Expert
* Mastery in building UI applications with React
* Experience building and maintaining AWS infrastructure (VPC, EC2, Security Groups, IAM, ECS, CodeBuild, S3, RDS

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)
