---
title: 'Future Opportunities - Mechanical Engineering '
status: active
id: '5633523004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5633523004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2025-08-27T18:21:46-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
---

**About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

At Epirus, we’re always looking ahead—and that includes building relationships with forward-thinking engineers who want to shape the future of defense technology. While we may not have an immediate opening that matches your background, we invite you to express interest in future Mechanical Engineering opportunities.

Whether your strengths lie in Mechanical Design, Structural, or Thermal, there could be a place for you on our team as we grow.

*\*\*This posting is for resume collection in anticipation of future opportunities. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you if a suitable position becomes available.\*\**

**Learn More about our Mechanical Engineering Roles:**

**Mechanical Design Roles**

* Design and build RF-phased array structures and electronic packages as part of a cross-functional product design team.
* Design harnesses, cables, and interconnects for large electronics assemblies and vehicle-mounted systems.
* Perform thermal and structural analyses to validate designs.
* Create CAD models and detailed manufacturing drawings.
* Develop and execute environmental testing.

**Mechanical Structural Engineering Roles**

* Perform structural finite element analysis (FEA) on complex mechanical structures and electronic assemblies for a range of solution and load types, including static, modal, and structural dynamics (vibration and shock).
* Build finite element models and perform hand calculations to verify structural integrity across Epirus’s product lines.
* Develop and decompose requirements and define bounding load cases.
* Work closely with other engineers to ensure structures survive harsh environments encountered during operation and transport and assist in the redesign and optimization of mechanical systems.

**Mechanical Thermal  Engineering Roles**

* Define program and subsystem environmental requirements
* Design thermal management/packaging solutions for RF power amplifier assemblies
* Simulate electromechanical assemblies and full system thermal models
* Define and execute component thermal tests and validation.
* Support ruggedization of components to survive harsh environments

**Basic Qualifications**

* 2+ Experience includes at least 2 full product life cycles
* Demonstrated experience in applying geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&T).
* BS degree in Mechanical, Aerospace, Structural, or similar engineering field.
* Experience with CAD and drawing creation
* Demonstrated comfort with hands-on build and test of mechanical systems.

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Master's or PhD in Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering preferred
* Comfortable using hand calculations and developing internal tools to analyze thermal performance of complex systems
* Experience analyzing systems under static loading, shock, and vibrational environments, including random vibration.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)
