---
title: 'Future Opportunities - Electrical Engineering '
status: active
id: '5633502004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5633502004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2025-08-27T17:57:41-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
---

**About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

At Epirus, we’re always looking ahead—and that includes building relationships with forward-thinking engineers who want to shape the future of defense technology. While we may not have an immediate opening that matches your background, we invite you to express interest in future Electrical Engineering opportunities.

Whether your strengths lie in Electrical Engineering, RF, Power Electronics, or FPGA, there could be a place for you on our team as we grow.

*\*\*This posting is for resume collection in anticipation of future opportunities. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you if a suitable position becomes available.\*\**

**Learn More about our Electrical Engineering Roles:**

**Electrical Engineering Roles**

* Work on printed circuit board or connectorized or computer-aided circuit designs
* Perform signal processing analysis in MATLAB or equivalent
* Circuit simulations in SPICE or ADS
* PCB design for DC, RF, and mixed signal systems
* Test and measure circuits and mixed signal digital transceivers for fully-digital RF phased arrays, including bench and anechoic chamber testing

**RF Engineering Roles**

* Work with the RF Design team to define and capture RF System architecture for Epirus phased array products
* Develop and own RF systems modeling artifacts such as system architectures, gain/loss budget, and end-to-end system power calculations
* Model and simulate phased array elements and systems in HFSS/CST or similar
* Develop system-level test plans to exercise and measure the functionality and performance of RF systems, in both indoor chambers and remote field test sites.

**FPGA Engineering Roles**

* Design and verification of RTL modules for FPGA applications
* Ownership of entire FPGA designs from initial architecture trades through implementation, verification, and hardware bringup, including FPGA sizing estimation and IO planning.
* Automating test environment (up to and including hardware-in-the-loop testing), lab equipment, and measurement devices
* Capturing design tradeoffs, state machine flow, system address maps, and block diagrams

**Power Electronics Engineering Roles**

* Design and develop electronic circuits and systems. Own design from concept through customer delivery.
* Conduct testing and validation of electronic systems and components to ensure they meet performance and reliability standards.
* Diagnose and resolve technical issues in electronic systems and components.
* Participate in the selection and specification of components and materials.
* Perform hardware bring-up and integration of power electronics circuits and modules and support power conversion systems hardware/software integration

**Basic Qualifications**

* 2+ years of industry experience, preferably with experience spanning the entire product lifecycle (Concept to Delivery)
* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Aerospace Engineering, or a related technical field.
* Proficiency in using electronic design software (Altium Designer preferred)
* Experience with measurement, troubleshooting and debugging skills in a lab environment.

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Master's or PhD in Electrical Engineering preferred
* Experience working with RF systems, including radar, communications, electronic warfare (EW), or phased array systems.
* Experience working with high-voltage DC systems.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)
