---
title: 'Future Opportunities - Manufacturing '
status: active
id: '5633561004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5633561004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2025-08-27T19:07:02-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
---

**About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

At Epirus, we’re always looking ahead—and that includes building relationships with forward-thinking engineers who want to shape the future of defense technology. While we may not have an immediate opening that matches your background, we invite you to express interest in future Operations opportunities.

Whether your strengths lie in Manufacturing Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or Quality Engineering, there could be a place for you on our team as we grow.

*\*\*This posting is for resume collection in anticipation of future opportunities. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you if a suitable position becomes available.\*\**

**Learn More about our Manufacturing Roles:**

**Manufacturing Engineer**

* Standardize engineering change and new product introduction process between design release and manufacturability
* Partner with electrical and mechanical engineering teams to assess design requirements and producibility. Think creatively to resolve and challenge conflicting requirements
* Evaluate and implement software automation solutions for test stations, collaborating with test and systems teams

**Quality Engineer**

* Ensure compliance with defense and quality standards (e.g., AS9100, ISO 9001, ITAR) through audits, documentation, and CAPA
* Support production readiness by validating processes, assessing risk, and improving yield and reliability

**Industrial Engineer**

* Lead Factory layout improvements for manufacturability
* Lead Future Manufacturing layout and requirements for manufacturability
* Create value stream maps and identify improvement opportunities that reduce product cost and variation
* Build and maintain capacity and simulation models for various product types

**Basic Qualifications**

* 2+ years of experience in quality, manufacturing, and/or industrial engineering, or working experience in the aerospace or defense manufacturing field

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience in manufacturing operations
* Familiarity with ERP or purchasing systems
* Procurement experience with a focus on software, SaaS, and IT hardware
* subcontract, commodity, or supplier management experience
* Aerospace/Defense experience and/or military experience.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)
