---
title: 'Future Opportunities – Warehouse Associate '
status: active
id: '5690613004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5690613004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2025-10-27T17:48:57-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
---

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

At Epirus, we’re always looking ahead—and that includes building relationships with forward-thinking engineers who want to shape the future of defense technology. While we may not have an immediate opening that matches your background, we invite you to express interest in future Warehouse Associate opportunities.

*\*\*This posting is for resume collection in anticipation of future opportunities. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you if a suitable position becomes available.\*\**

**Learn More about our Warehouse Roles:**

**Warehouse Associate**

* Shipping and Receiving

+ Verify shipment accuracy using packing list.
+ Maintain/Update the Order Log with all incoming shipments.

* Perform routine weekly cycle counts.
* Pick and prepare internal customer orders (Inventory Request).
* Update/Adjust inventory as needed using the WMS/ERP system.
* Operate Forklift as needed following all safety guidelines.
* Inventory organization and maintenance.
* Maintain warehouse and workspace in a clean, safe, and organized fashion.
* Assist as needed to reach departmental and company goals.

**Basic Qualifications**

* HS Diploma or equivalent
* A background in warehouse operations, including shipping, receiving, order fulfillment, and inventory with 3+ years is preferred.
* Forklift operator experience is a plus.
* US Citizen and/or Permanent Resident (future security clearance may be required)

**Preferred Qualifications**

* HS Diploma or equivalent
* A background in warehouse operations, including shipping, receiving, order fulfillment, and inventory with 3+ years is preferred.
* Forklift operator experience is a plus.
* US Citizen and/or Permanent Resident (future security clearance may be required)

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)
