---
title: 'Future Opportunities - Technicians '
status: active
id: '5766073004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5766073004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2026-01-15T16:12:13-05:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
---

**About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

At Epirus, we’re always looking ahead—and that includes building relationships with forward-thinking engineers who want to shape the future of defense technology. While we may not have an immediate opening that matches your background, we invite you to express interest in future Operations opportunities.

Whether your strengths lie in Manufacturing or Supply Chain, there could be a place for you on our team as we grow.

*\*\*This posting is for resume collection in anticipation of future opportunities. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you if a suitable position becomes available.\*\**

**Learn More about our Operation Roles:**

**Assembly Technician**

* Assembly of small to medium sized electromechanical builds
* Harness building, including soldering and crimping
* Assembles LRU and element array with direction from Engineers
* Works with various levels of the system (from the board and component level to the LRU, to the system level)
* Follow work instructions through digital MES system, including peer inspection

**Test Technician**

* Understands, plans, and executes testing and troubleshooting activities to produce a prototype, MIL-STD understanding desired
* Assembles LRU and element array with direction from Engineers
* Utilizes standard laboratory test equipment including: oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, voltmeters, and other measurement equipment to perform engineering support functions

**Harness Technician**

* Interpret electrical schematics, wiring diagrams, and harness drawings to independently build and troubleshoot complex harness assemblies.
* Manufacture prototype and production harnesses—including shielded, twisted pair, coaxial, high-voltage, and multi-branch—following Epirus work instructions and prescribed standards.
* Install, route, and rework harnesses within mechanical assemblies, enclosures, and vehicles.
* Perform continuity, resistance, insulation, and functional testing using multimeters, oscilloscopes, hipot testers, and network analyzers or other specialized in process equipment.

**Basic Qualifications**

* 2+ years of experience working as a technician or working experience in the aerospace or defense manufacturing field

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience with electro-mechanical assembly
* Soldering certification and experience soldering cables and harnesses (circuit boards come pre-assembled)
* Ability to work with standard manufacturing equipment
* Aerospace/Defense experience and/or military experience

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)
