---
title: Future Opportunities - Supply Chain
status: active
id: '5778014004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5778014004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2026-01-21T18:56:24-05:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
---

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

At Epirus, we’re always looking ahead—and that includes building relationships with forward-thinking engineers who want to shape the future of defense technology. While we may not have an immediate opening that matches your background, we invite you to express interest in future Operations opportunities.

Whether your strengths lie in Category Management, Buying, or Planning, there could be a place for you on our team as we grow.

*\*\*This posting is for resume collection in anticipation of future opportunities. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you if a suitable position becomes available.\**

***Learn More about our Supply Chain Roles:***

**Category Manager**

* Develop and execute sourcing strategies for machined parts, maintaining relationships with strategic suppliers and identifying new partners as needed.
* Align commodity strategies with stakeholders across engineering, technical operations, and program teams to meet business and technical requirements.
* Lead RFIs, RFPs, and RFQs, assess supplier capabilities, and ensure scalability to support current and future demands

**Buyer**

* Execute sourcing activities for COTS materials and support procurement agents an as required for schedule success
* Place purchase orders in alignment with materials requirements and delivery schedule
* Own end-to-end procurement process including RFQ issuance, T&Cs redline suggestions for contracts review, PO issuance, PO management and on time delivery, past due PO management, invoicing accuracy, problem invoice

**Supply Planner**

* Assist in managing and developing inventory level targets, aligning demand-supply signals and allocations.
* Proactively provide status and updates to Epirus management, supply chain and engineering teams on all critical supply issues.
* Manage and execute MRP planning messages in a timely manner.

**Basic Qualifications**

* 2+ years of experience in supply chain, or working experience in the aerospace or defense supply chain/procurement field

**Preferred Qualifications**

* Experience in purchasing, supply chain, or manufacturing operations
* Familiarity with ERP or purchasing systems
* Procurement experience with a focus on software, SaaS, and IT hardware
* subcontract, commodity, or supplier management experience
* Aerospace/Defense experience and/or military experience.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)
