---
title: Senior Field Service Engineer (FSE)
status: active
id: '5789622004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5789622004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2026-02-09T19:25:35-05:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Field Services
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company developing solid-state, software-defined directed energy systems that enable unprecedented counter-electronics effects and power management solutions to optimize power efficiency in defense and commercial applications. With a constant emphasis on innovation, we are redefining the future of power to bring tomorrow’s capabilities to life, today. And that’s just the beginning.

**Job Summary:** Epirus is seeking a **Field Service Engineer (FSE) III**with the ability to provide advanced technical support, troubleshooting, and operational oversight in support of Epirus High Power Microwave Counter Unmanned Aerial Systems (HPM-CUAS). This individual will work as a member of a small team with a primary focus on the maintenance, training support and sustainment of fielded HPM assets. The FSE will directly support the maintenance of the fielded HPM-CUAS equipment, re-installation of Line repairable units (LRUs), training, integration, and sustainment of these solutions with existing client infrastructure at CONUS and OCONUS locations. Candidate will provide hands-on support for HPM-CUAS technical, network, and integration projects. This role requires hands-on expertise in electrical, mechanical, and software systems, as well as the ability to work in high-pressure situations supporting defense operations. 

This position requires a high degree of technical skill, personal resilience and flexibility, strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to work as part of a cross-functional team in a variety of physical environments. 

## **Responsibilities:**

* Work closely with engineering teams to provide feedback on system performance and potential design improvements.
* Coordinate with project managers, logistics personnel, and customers to ensure timely resolution of issues.
* Conduct install/uninstall of HPM-CUAS systems in a variety of locations / environmental conditions to support client operations, test and evaluations, Tactics, Techniques and Procedure (TTP) / Doctrine development, and New Equipment Training (NET) courses.
* Make recommendations on equipment modifications/upgrades based on experience gained through testing and operational use of HPM-CUAS systems.
* Deploy overseas locations to perform technical inspections, system checks, fault diagnosis, identify cause of failures, and replace Line Repairable Unit (LRU), test and restore HPM-CUAS systems to full functionality.
* Conduct advanced programming of HPM-CUAS systems (install/upgrade firmware, software upgrades, etc.).
* Work with the Epirus training and enablement team to develop and conduct training on the proper care, use, maintenance, and preventive maintenance of systems.
* Work closely with engineering teams to provide feedback on system performance and potential design improvements.

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or a related technical field AND minimum 5 years of related experience (or 3 years and a Master’s degree).
* Proficiency in troubleshooting and repair of electronic and mechanical systems.
* Knowledge of high-power RF generation, wave propagation, and directed energy principles.
* Familiarity with test equipment (oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, RF power meters, etc.).
* Strong technical writing and verbal communication skills.
* Ability to provide technical advice and guidance on installation, adaptation, configuration and/or enhancement of company technical products, programs, and systems.
* Candidate must hold a valid U.S. passport or have the ability to obtain a U.S. passport.
* Military experience with CUAS Systems (RF Detection, Radar, EO/ IR Optical systems, Command and Control (C2) Systems.
* Experience working in field operations, including deployment in austere or challenging environments.
* Experience working independently or as a team member to solve project and/or engineering problems.
* Ability to use and communicate a wide variety of technical data from OEM manuals, engineering drawings, etc. to engineers as well as to non-technical system end users.
* The position requires daily interaction with customers at multiple levels.
* Candidate must possess and use a high degree of tact and interpersonal communication skills in daily interactions with team members, clients, vendors, and end users.
* This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a SECRET security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance

## **Preferred Skills and Experience:**

* Previous experience with HPM or other directed energy systems.
* Certification in RF safety or related disciplines.
* Military background or experience working with defense contractors.
* Routine manual lifting of objects 50-80 pounds such as boxes and other equipment. Perform work in unusual and sometimes difficult positions such as climbing ladders; high lift equipment up to 40 feet, crawl spaces, above ceilings, etc. Manual dexterity required for frequent reaching, climbing, and lifting of moderate objects, operation of power and manual tools/equipment, and operating office equipment.
* Typical overseas assignments are frequently performed in both internal and external environments with a variety of weather conditions. Ability to work under extreme hot or cold weather conditions with exposure to dust or dirt is routine and may require the use of protective personal equipment (PPE).
* This position will require overseas travel. Candidates should be willing to be on travel / TDY away from their home location 90 – 120-day durations, in hazardous duty locations.
* FAA Part 107 certification

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

People are the most important part of Epirus – and always come first. We don’t believe in the word impossible and are always asking “why not” as work to usher in a new paradigm of power efficiency. Our fast-growing team is agile, creative, and innovative. We support a culture of constant learning and sense of belonging among our team members and know that mentorship matters. We embrace diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workplace and beyond. To deliver on our mission, we are always looking for problem solvers, changemakers and innovators to join our fast-growing team.

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$98,700—$119,800 USD
