---
title: Business Development Manager
status: active
id: '5819352004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5819352004
lastmod: '2026-05-05T16:31:15-04:00'
date: '2026-03-05T12:06:11-05:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Growth
offices:
- Washington DC
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques that allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

**Job Summary:** In this role, the Business Development Manager will support Epirus’ growth efforts by executing business development activities and helping deliver our technological capabilities and solutions to government and commercial customers. This position focuses on identifying and supporting revenue-generating opportunities through strong execution, relationship building, and collaboration across internal teams. The ideal candidate is agile, detail-oriented, and results-driven. They will work closely with senior business development leaders to implement strategies, manage tasks, and ensure successful outcomes. This role requires strong organizational skills, the ability to communicate technical concepts clearly, and a collaborative mindset. This position reports to the Director, Growth Operations

  

## **Responsibilities:**

* Serve as a primary contributor to and responsible for DHS and other federal accounts opportunity identification and shaping, supporting pursuits across DHS components (e.g., S&T, CBP, TSA, etc.) from early signal detection through proposal submission.
* Support planning and execution of business development activities across multiple sectors, including DHS and other government or commercial opportunities.
* Assist in building and maintaining customer relationships and industry partnerships.
* Conduct research on customer requirements, budgets, and procurement processes to inform strategy.
* Collaborate with internal teams (engineering, contracts, government relations) to align customer needs with Epirus solutions.
* Help prepare proposals, presentations, and capture documentation.
* Track and report on business development progress and competitive analysis.
* Contribute to the development of repeatable processes for business development and capture.
* Manage multiple priorities and deadlines with attention to detail.

   

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* Current or ability to obtain a Secret security clearance
* Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (engineering, public policy, national security, business, or related discipline).
* 8 years of experience in business development, program support, or related roles in defense, government, or technology sectors
* Working familiarity with DHS acquisition mechanisms, Research and Development efforts (e.g., IDIQs, OTAs, RFI/RFPs) and the ability to learn component specific processes.
* Strong written and verbal communication skills
* Proficiency in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and virtual collaboration tools
* Ability to work collaboratively and execute tasks with minimal supervision
* Willingness to travel up to 25%

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Experience supporting DHS or other federal agencies
* Exposure to Directed Energy systems, radar technologies, or related defense systems
* Understanding of Ground-Based Air Defense or Uncrewed Aerial Systems
* Demonstrated ability to manage projects and deliver results in a fast-paced environment

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

Pay Transparency as required for Washington D.C. effective 2024

D.C. Salary Range

$148,900—$180,500 USD
