---
title: Assembly Technician (Contract)
status: active
id: '5834812004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5834812004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2026-03-23T17:25:53-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Manufacturing
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

**Job Summary:**

This is an exciting role in a growing company. The ideal candidate for the position is a flexible candidate who has experience in product development, manufacturing, electronics, and mechanical assembly. The role is critical to success of Epirus hardware and will be responsible for electromechanical assembly, harness building, and RF circuit board testing as required.

  

## **Responsibilities:**

* Assembly of small to medium sized electromechanical builds
* Harness building, including soldering and crimping
* Assembles LRU and element array with direction from Engineers
* Works with various levels of the system (from the board and component level to the LRU, to the system level)
* Follow work instructions through digital MES system, including peer inspection

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* Experience with electro-mechanical assembly
* Soldering certification and experience soldering cables and harnesses (circuit boards come pre-assembled)
* Ability to work with standard manufacturing equipment
* Knowledge of Environmental, Health and Safety elements
* Good written and oral communication skills
* Collaborative; capable of working across all levels of the organization
* US Citizen and/or Permanent Resident (future security clearance may be required)

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Associates Degree in technical field or equivalent trade school or military training
* 2 years of related experience
* Aerospace/Defense experience and/or military experience
* Knowledge of Production Systems and Lean Manufacturing elements
* Experience with ISO9001/AS9100 quality management systems elements

 

  

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

 

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$68,300—$84,100 USD
