---
title: EEE Senior Procurement Agent (Contract)
status: active
id: '5837114004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5837114004
lastmod: '2026-04-28T13:05:00-04:00'
date: '2026-03-26T16:10:32-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## 

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

**Job Summary:**   
This is an exciting opportunity at an innovative, high-growth defense technology company. As a Senior Procurement Agent (Contract), you will lead the sourcing and procurement of Electrical, Electronic, and Electromechanical (EEE) components, as well as complex PCB and PCBA solutions, supporting multiple programs from prototype through production. In this role, you will manage the full lifecycle of procurement for printed circuit boards and assemblies, including both turnkey builds and discrete component sourcing. You will work closely with engineering and manufacturing teams to support new product introduction (NPI) efforts, ensuring that Bills of Materials (BOMs) are strategically sourced, cost-effective, and aligned with program timelines. The ideal candidate brings deep experience navigating the complexities of electronics supply chains, including contract manufacturers, global component distribution, and risk mitigation for constrained or obsolete parts.. If you are someone who enjoys launching new products, influencing component selection, strategically sourcing and developing suppliers and owning a project from cradle-to-grave, then this is the role for you.

### **Duties**

**Procurement Operations**  

* Lead RFI/RFP/RFQ for direct materials
* Leads direct material procurements for multiple programs and projects
* Delegate/Execute purchase orders for production parts using a Bill of Materials (BOM)
* Support continuous improvement initiatives for cost savings, quality improvement, and on-time delivery.
* Maintain accurate and organized records

**Supplier Relationship Management**  

* Lead supplier risk identification, mitigation and contingency planning
* Lead supplier open order and scorecard meetings for critical suppliers
* Lead price negotiations and terms & conditions
* Lead and conduct supplier/vendor site audits
* Other duties as assigned

### **Required Qualifications**

* BS degree, or equivalent work experience, in Supply Chain, Business, or equivalent field.
* 8+ years of procurement experience in Aerospace/Defense or related industry
* Significant procurement experience in a manufacturing environment, with a strong focus on EEE components.
* Strong knowledge of PCB and PCBA sourcing, including turnkey solutions and component-level purchasing.
* Support implementation and drive CPSR compliance
* Strong experience with drafting agreements (i.e. SOWs and MSAs)
* Knowledge of AS9100 standards
* Experience with Supplier Development and Management
* Experience with developing and improving processes, procedures and work instructions
* Strong written and oral communication skills
* Collaborative; capable of working across all levels of the organization
* Organized; comfortable working in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
* US Citizen and/or Permanent Resident (future security clearance may be required)

### **Desired Qualifications**

* Direct experience in sourcing electro-mechanical/PCBA/build-to-print assembly procurement and manufacturing (contract manufacturing)
* Experience with/exposure to Lean Six Sigma methodologies
* Data Analytics experience– BAQs, SQL, DMT, Query/Script creation
* Experience with ERP systems (i.e. SAP, Oracle, Deltek)
* Experience with Supply Chain Trade Compliance

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$126,000—$159,000 USD
