---
title: Principal Enterprise Solutions Oracle Developer
status: active
id: '5842542004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5842542004
lastmod: '2026-04-22T13:38:35-04:00'
date: '2026-04-01T13:04:54-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- IT and Infrastructure
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

**Job Summary:**

This is an exciting role in a growing company. The Enterprise Solutions team is looking for an experienced Principal Enterprise Solutions Oracle Developer to help scale our rapidly growing Enterprise ecosystem. You’ll build automations, data pipelines, integrations, and tools that power our business operations. This is a hands-on role where you’ll shape our cloud architecture, improve system intelligence and help drive a modern, agile enterprise environment.

  

## **Responsibilities:**

* Lead end-to-end development of integration flows using Oracle Integration Cloud (OIC), REST/SOAP APIs, and related Oracle middleware technologies
* Act as the technical owner for all Oracle Cloud integrations, databases, and transformation layers
* Architect, design, and deliver scalable integration solutions across Oracle Fusion Cloud, third‑party systems, and on‑premise platforms
* Manage and optimize ATP databases including schema design, performance tuning, SQL/PLSQL development, and secure access models
* Create extensions and custom applications using Visual Builder (VBCS)
* Collaborate closely with business stakeholders, product owners, solution architects, and cross-functional teams to turn complex requirements into enterprise-grade technical solutions
* Troubleshoot and diagnose issues across a broad set of services, integrations, and functional areas
* Design processes for code deployment, monitoring, and analytics across the Oracle environment
* Broaden adoption of AI capabilities within Oracle’s gov platform and other toolsets
* Conduct code reviews and drive continuous improvement across the development lifecycle.
* Support release management, testing, and validation of integrations, extensions, and new features
* Develop BI Publisher data models and reports for business and technical teams

  

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* 8+ years of experience developing solutions within the Oracle Cloud ecosystem, including hands‑on Fusion experience
* Strong understanding of networking fundamentals, cloud security concepts, and enterprise access controls
* Experience developing transformation logic across OIC, native Oracle and ATP databases
* Ability to design solutions that align with enterprise governance standards and data access models
* Strong collaboration skills and the ability to translate business needs into clear technical specifications

 

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Experience working in startup or high‑growth environments — aerospace or defense a strong plus
* Experience with Palantir Foundry
* Experience using AI inside DevOps workflows or within Oracle Cloud toolsets
* Understanding of Finance, Supply Chain, and Manufacturing processes across an ERP system.

 

 

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$136,500—$170,700 USD
