---
title: Principal System Engineer (Contract)
status: active
id: '5973894004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5973894004
lastmod: '2026-04-27T16:45:34-04:00'
date: '2026-04-27T16:45:34-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company that develops solid-state, human-safe directed energy systems that enable unprecedented counter-electronics effects and power management solutions to enhance power efficiency in defense and commercial electronics. With a constant emphasis on innovation, we are redefining modern power systems to increase the velocity of change for our customers and bring tomorrow's capabilities to life, today.  

### Job Summary

This is an exciting and high visibility role in a growing company. The ideal candidate for the position is someone who has experience with every phase of systems engineering from inception to launch. In this role, you will work with cross-functional team of talented engineers to architect, develop, integrate, and test multifunctional systems.     

## Responsibilities:

* Own system requirements for a product, including requirement definition and subsystem requirements
* Act as key interface with either existing or prospective customers to prove customer requirements/needs are fully satisfied by captured
* Coordinate with cross functional team members to drive key requirements with subsystem design teams.
* Develop interface control documentation and own interface management between hardware/software/firmware subsystems
* Spearhead complete V-cycle artifacts from requirements to validation.
* Design, own and maintain system architecture diagrams by collaborating with key stakeholders.
* Perform trade studies and quick-turn impact analyses to facilitate design choices.
* Perform analysis to prove system requirements are addressed by the system design.
* Lead the toll gate process from requirements to launch.
* Ability to steer through ambiguity with minimal guidance.

## Basic Qualifications:

* BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Aerospace, or similar field
* 8+ years of industry experience, preferably with experience spanning the entire product lifecycle (Concept to Delivery)
* Demonstrated experience establishing the technical baseline of a system/product and working through ambiguity.
* Experience working with Systems Engineering tools for Requirements Management and Product Lifecycle Management (e.g. JAMA, Polarion, DOORS)
* Experience working with MBSE (e.g. SparxEA, Capella)
* Experience with Python development or other similar object-oriented languages
* Experience working with Git/GitHub, or similar version control systems
* Ability to identify gaps, prioritize in the context of the project / program, and lead an effort involving multiple engineers from other teams to resolve issues

 

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$167,000—$196,800 USD
