---
title: Senior FPGA Engineer
status: active
id: '5982320004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5982320004
lastmod: '2026-04-30T17:02:11-04:00'
date: '2026-04-30T17:02:11-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

**Job objective:** This is an exciting role an innovative, high-growth defense technology company. The ideal candidate for the position is someone who has experience designing, verifying, and integrating state-of-the-art FPGA systems and embedded processing solutions for RF applications. As a Sr. FPGA Engineer, you will work closely with a talented, multi-disciplinary engineering team in a fast-paced environment to apply emerging technologies in innovative ways to rapidly produce new products.     

## **Duties**

* Design and verification of RTL modules for FPGA applications
* Ownership of entire FPGA designs from initial architecture trades through implementation, verification, and hardware bringup, including FPGA sizing estimation and IO planning.
* Lead initial testing and bring-up of custom FPGA circuit cards, validating functionality of on-board peripherals including memory interfaces, Ethernet controllers, and integrated sensors.
* Automating test environment (up to and including hardware-in-the-loop testing), lab equipment, and measurement devices
* Capturing design tradeoffs, state machine flow, system address maps, and block diagrams

## **Required Qualifications**

* Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or a related field.
* 5+ years of experience in FPGA design, implementation, and testing
* Extensive experience implementing FPGA designs and embedded processing designs on embedded hardware
* Experience working with latest generation state-of-the-art Xilinx/Intel Parts and associated tool sets (Vivado, Quartus)
* Understanding of common digital communication protocols (SPI, I2C, UART)
* Development Experience of Integrated Embedded Applications (ARM, GPU)
* Experience with standard bus and streaming protocols, such as AXI and AXI-Stream
* Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery processes
* Active Secret or Top Secret clearance, or ability to obtain one desired but not required.

## **Desired Qualifications**

* Experience with design automation, scripting languages (TCL, Python, Perl, Matlab)
* Knowledge of Advanced Firmware Verification Testbench Development (UVM, System Verilog)
* Skilled with Advanced High-Speed Verilog/VHDL Designs including High Speed Memory Interfaces (DDR4, HBM) and High Speed SerDes IO and Protocols (100GE, JESD204B, Interlaken)
* Experience implementing Complex DSP Algorithms on FPGAs using tools such as Matlab, Simulink, HDL Coder to implement advanced communications or other designs in FPGA
* Experience collaborating with software engineering team in an SoC environment to develop designs that incorporate HDL combined with embedded Linux
* Good written and oral communication skills
* Collaborative; capable of working across all levels of the organization
* Organized; comfortable working in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles)

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$142,800—$175,600 USD
