---
title: Manager, Warehouse Inventory Control
status: active
id: '5990087004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5990087004
lastmod: '2026-05-29T15:17:55-04:00'
date: '2026-05-29T15:17:55-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

**Job Summary:**

We are seeking a dynamic Manager, Warehouse Inventory Controlwith experience in a manufacturing environment managing receiving, inventory, shipping, and carrier operations. This role will lead warehouse operations, develop and execute growth strategies, design inventory layouts, drive operational improvements, and implement process changes. 

The ideal candidate is business-savvy, highly organized, and an excellent problem solver, capable of fostering team collaboration and achieving operational excellence. 

## **Responsibilities:**

* Oversee daily warehouse operations, including receiving, inventory management, kitting, loading, and shipping.
* Ensure a clean, organized, and safe warehouse environment.
* Develop and implement operational procedures to support material control and compliance with AS9100 D standards and U.S. Government Property requirements.
* Provide leadership to the inventory and warehouse team, ensuring efficient execution of receiving, put-away, kit pulls, and distribution processes.
* Conduct cycle counts and audits to maintain inventory accuracy, traceability, and compliance with shelf-life and unique storage requirements.
* Maintain accurate records of deliveries, packing slips, certificates of conformance, and shipments.
* Collaborate with procurement, finance, and manufacturing teams to resolve issues and ensure timely delivery of materials.
* Prepare detailed reports on inventory operations, stock levels, and adjustments.
* Develop and present inventory performance metrics to leadership on a monthly basis.
* Drive operational efficiency and implement continuous process improvements.
* Support the optimization of inventory control procedures in alignment with a new ERP system.
* Maintain accurate records and documentation to support government inventory audits, property tracking, and compliance reporting.
* Propose and execute cost-reduction strategies.

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* 4+ years of experience in warehouse management, inventory logistics, manufacturing, material planning, procurement, or engineering.
* Strong knowledge of inventory control processes.
* Familiarity with U.S. Government Property requirements.
* Physical ability to lift, move, and handle materials up to 25 lbs.
* Experience with ERP systems.
* U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident (future security clearance may be required).
* Experience in aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic manufacturing environments.

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Bachelor’s degree in Industrial, Manufacturing, or Mechanical Engineering, or Supply Chain (or 8+ years of professional experience in lieu of a degree).
* Experience developing AS9100 D-compliant processes.
* Demonstrated success in building and managing strong teams and collaborating with stakeholders.
* Expertise in handling high-value, environmentally sensitive electronic components.
* Forklift, pallet jack, and general material handling experience.
* Exposure to Lean Manufacturing or Six Sigma methodologies.
* Organized and adaptable, with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$96,300—$138,100 USD
