---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Integration and Test
status: active
id: '5992031004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=5992031004
lastmod: '2026-05-21T18:44:00-04:00'
date: '2026-05-21T18:44:00-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

### **Job Summary:**

Epirus designs and manufactures novel RF systems in a rapid development environment.  Fast and thorough hardware / software testing, from early R&D to production, is critical for rapidly delivering successful products. The Integration and Test Senior Software Engineer role focuses on developing and maintaining a level of excellence in Epirus’s engineering lab, where we perform R&D of new design improvements, acceptance testing of newly manufactured modules, integration testing at the sub-system and system levels, and ultimately chamber and field tests / demos.  Responsibilities include Hardware-in-the-Loop testing, developing software to control lab equipment, working with other engineers to design new test fixtures, automating testing for various units / sub-systems, organizing data logging, performing first look data analysis, and designing scaling systems that support larger hardware/software teams. Candidates should be capable software engineers but should also have an interest in working hands-on with hardware, both production hardware and lab equipment / instrumentation. Success in this role powers the data-driven decisions that enable Epirus’s agile hardware development. 

## Responsibilities:

* Develop, Test, and Deploy HIL Control Software to validate hardware and software functionality across the Epirus product suite.
* Develop and maintain Epirus’s software hardware abstraction libraries including but not limited to Oscilloscopes, VNAs, Signal Generators, Microphones, Video Capture Devices, Robotic Measurement Equipment.
* Scale production test software to allow increased production rates and meet evolving customer requirements.
* Drive architectural decisions and best practices
* Lead capability/feature development of the HIL Software Infrastructure to enable all of Epirus software/QA to validate functionality.
* Develop User Interfaces which enable Technicians to run tests and troubleshoot failures
* Coordinate with other engineers on designing and setting up new test fixtures, typically on lab benches or in RF chambers (also occasionally out in the field)
* Coordinate with hardware and software teams to develop Hardware-in-the-Loop test platforms and procedures and automations.
* Work with other engineers to develop new test scripts / programs, maximizing code reuse for consistency of testing
* Manage ever-growing data logging and analysis, to power data-driven decisions
* Coordinate with Manufacturing team and train technicians on operation of test software for production testing
* Coordinate with Test Hardware team on HIL design and HIL Software needs
* Selection and on-boarding new lab equipment / instrumentation, such as various sensors, DAQs, etc., to continually improve HIL capabilities

## Basic Qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering or related
* 5+ years of industry experience
* Proficiency with Python and Git
* Familiar with one of C++, Rust, C, Java
* US Citizen (future U.S security clearance may be required)

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Good written and oral communication skills; not afraid to speak up, either to ask for help or disagree on a technical point that warrants more discussion
* Collaborative; capable of working across all levels of the organization
* Eager to learn and to help others on the team
* Organized; comfortable working in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
* Focused, with perspective on what matters most, rapidly delivering customer value
* Experience with DAQs, Arduinos
* Experience with continuous integration tools such as Jenkins or GitHub Actions
* Experience with Windows Power Shell and Linux Bash/CLI
* Experience with a python test framework (pytest, unitest, RobotFramework)
* Experience with databases and cloud data storage services (AWS)
* Experience with electrical hardware / lab experience, and/or field test experience
* Familiarity with signal processing, statistical analysis, and expressive plotting / data presentation
* Experience with various sensors and DAQs for data collection
* Experience with Agile Product Development practices and/or start-ups
* An interest in working with a wide range of other engineering disciplines, touching all parts of the product

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$171,000—$194,000 USD
