---
title: Supplier Quality Engineer
status: active
id: '6007390004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=6007390004
lastmod: '2026-06-05T13:42:57-04:00'
date: '2026-06-05T13:41:59-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Corporate Office
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

 

**Job Summary:**  This is an exciting **Supplier Quality Engineer** role with an innovative, high-growth defense technology company. The ideal candidate has experience in supplier quality, manufacturing quality, or supplier development and thrives in a fast-paced environment. 

In this role, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining supplier quality assurance processes to ensure compliance with customer, regulatory, and product requirements. You will work closely with talented engineering, manufacturing and supply chain teams to drive corrective actions and continuous improvement throughout the supply base to ensure the highest level of product quality and reliability.    

   

## Responsibilities:

* Develop and implement supplier quality management programs, including audits, assessments, material readiness reviews, and qualification activities/criteria.
* Ensure suppliers comply with applicable regulatory, contractual, and company quality requirements.
* Evaluate and qualify suppliers through audits, assessments, and risk analysis.
* Perform root cause analysis and implement corrective actions for supplier quality issues.
* Support supplier performance reviews, including tracking metrics/KPIs and continuous improvement initiatives.
* Collaborate with engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain teams to resolve technical and quality-related challenges including the disposition of non-conforming material.
* Support first article inspections (FAI), process validation, and qualification of new suppliers and components.
* Provide technical guidance and training to suppliers to improve quality and manufacturing processes.
* Develop and implement inspection plans to ensure effective verification of product characteristics by receiving inspection.
* Actively engage in the product development process representing supplier quality to drive supplier readiness and ensure DFM considerations are addressed early.

 

## Basic Qualifications:

* BS degree in Manufacturing, Mechanical, or Industrial Engineering, or related technical field.
* 2+ years of experience in supplier quality, manufacturing quality, or supplier development.
* Familiarity with GD&T and engineering drawings.
* Experience working with machined parts, sheet metal, PCBs, cable assemblies, or electromechanical systems.
* Experience with inspection equipment such as calipers, micrometers, height gauges, and CMM reports.
* Proficiency in root cause analysis, failure analysis, and problem-solving methodologies.
* Experience using data analysis tools to identify trends and establish metrics.
* Good communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence and drive supplier improvements in a fast-paced start-up environment.

 

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Certifications such as ASQ Certified Quality Engineer (CQE), or related certification is a plus.
* Familiarity with AS9100, ISO 9001, or IPC standards.
* Experience using ERP and MES systems.
* Experience in aerospace, defense, automotive, medical device, or other highly regulated industries.
* Knowledge of Advanced Quality Mechanisms such PFMEA, Control Plans and Measurement Capability Analysis.

 

### Additional Requirements:

* Ability to travel up to 50% as needed to supplier locations and manufacturing sites.

  

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

 

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$95,800—$115,900 USD
