---
title: Senior AP Specialist
status: active
id: '6018741004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=6018741004
lastmod: '2026-06-11T12:43:57-04:00'
date: '2026-06-11T12:43:57-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Corporate Finance and Accounting
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.  

**Job Summary:**

This is an exciting role in an innovative, high-growth defense technology company. Epirus is looking for a Sr. Accounts Payable Specialist who will be supporting the company’s payables operation. This role will assist with entering and maintaining data in a time-sensitive manner to ensure accurate financial records and handling. This is a great opportunity for a detail-oriented person who enjoys processing transactions, problem-solving with numbers and preparing financial data in a fast-paced environment. 

## **Responsibilities:**

* Perform day-to-day, full cycle accounts payable transactions to ensure accurate and timely invoice and payment processing
* Perform a 3-way match between Purchase Orders, Invoices, and Good Receipts and obtain appropriate invoice approval prior to posting
* Review invoices for processing to ensure services rendered and billings are in accordance with Purchase Orders and Contracts
* Assist with vendor onboarding processes as well as collecting, verifying and adding ACH bank information in the ERP system
* Analyze monthly vendor statements and help resolve any questions or issues with internal and external stakeholders
* Assist with AP accruals, GL account reconciliations, travel and expense journal entries, and other month-end close processes as needed
* Assist Accounting with providing supporting documentation for audits, identify opportunities for process improvements and other ad hoc requests

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* Minimum 5 years of accounts payable or general accounting experience and a Bachelor’s degree in accounting or related OR 3 years experience with a Master’s degree
* Previous experience of accounting software Oracle Fusion and Microsoft Office Suite
* Firm understanding of general accounting principles
* Possesses basic understanding of 1099, W9 & W8 requirements
* Strong attention to detail, problem solving, analytics and basic data entry skills
* Self-starter with the ability to prioritize and execute on multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment, while maintaining accuracy and meeting deadlines

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$76,900—$98,900 USD
