---
title: Principal Electrical Systems Design Engineer
status: active
id: '6018772004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=6018772004
lastmod: '2026-06-12T11:45:17-04:00'
date: '2026-06-12T11:45:17-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Engineering
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## 

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company developing software-defined high-power microwave (HPM) systems with devastating counter-electronics effects on modern drone threats. The Epirus Leonidas HPM family of products, empowered by innovations in AI and microelectronics, is human safe and cost-effective. Distinguishing itself from lasers, Leonidas excels against drone swarms while also bending the cost curve back in DoD's favor - taking drone defeat costs from millions of dollars per drone to pennies on the dollar. 

  

### **Job Summary:**

The ideal candidate for the position is someone who has experience with power distribution for electrification and can own product development through all stages of conception, prototype, and productization. In this role, you will work closely with a talented engineering team in a fast-paced environment to apply emerging technologies in innovative ways to rapidly produce new products.  Own systems integration efforts on High Power Microwave Phased Array system. Architect and implement designs for power distribution, communications, safety, and other system electrical needs. This position will report to the Senior Manager of Electrical Engineering.  

  

## Responsibilities:

* Power Budgets: Develop system-level power budgets, and coordinate requirements with subsystem design teams.
* System Integration: Lead the design and integration of the power electronics subsystems of large-scale phased arrays from prototype development to full-scale production.
* Standards and Best Practices: Define the organizational standards for high voltage safety and best practices and lead the team through safety checks at key integration milestones.
* Technical Specifications: Define and refine technical requirements and specifications for High Power Microwave system components and overall architecture.
* Prototyping and Design: Design and prototype critical power electronics subsystems, with an emphasis on prime power distribution and conversion.
* Hands-On Development: Engage in hands-on activities such as wiring, testing, and debugging high power phased array systems.
* Supplier Coordination: Collaborate with internal teams and external suppliers on component design, testing, and evaluation to meet system requirements.

 

## Basic Qualifications:

* Degree in one of the following: Systems Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering
* 8+ years of industry experience, preferably spanning the entire product lifecycle (concept to field deployment). Advanced degrees might be used in place of years of experience.
* Communication Skills: Ability to articulate and defend technical decisions, with clear written and verbal communication skills.
* Knowledgeable with Jira/scrum best practices

  

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Battery: Experience implementing high-voltage power distribution and battery systems.
* Prime Power: Experience designing and implementing both three-phase AC and high-voltage DC power subsystems for directed energy systems.
* Communication Protocols: Familiarity with communication protocols relevant to phased array systems (e.g., CAN, Ethernet, etc.).
* Standards Knowledge: Knowledge of applicable industry standards (e.g., MIL-STD, IEC standards).
* PCB Design: Proficiency in PCB schematic design and test.
* Harness Design: Proficiency in standard practices and design rules for high voltage/high power wiring and harness design.
* DFMEA Process: Experience with Design Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (DFMEA) for identifying and mitigating potential system failures.
* Aerospace/Defense experience and/or military experience preferred, or experience in Directed Energy or a similar industry (e.g. Aircraft Power, Radar Power Systems, Laser Systems, Automotive / Electric Vehicle Power).
* Project Management: Strong organizational and time management skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks and projects effectively. Knowledge of project management software such as MS Project or Smartsheet.
* Ability to obtain and maintain a US Clearance, US citizenship is required to obtain a US Clearance

  

### **Additional Requirements:**

* Ability to travel on an occasional basis

  

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

People are the most important part of Epirus – and always come first. We don’t believe in the word impossible and are always asking “why not” as work to usher in a new paradigm of power efficiency. Our fast-growing team is agile, creative, and innovative. We support a culture of constant learning and sense of belonging among our team members and know that mentorship matters. We embrace diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace and beyond. To deliver on our mission, we are always looking for problem solvers, changemakers and innovators to join our fast-growing team. 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$178,600—$215,800 USD
