---
title: 'Senior USAF Business Development Manager '
status: active
id: '6030796004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=6030796004
lastmod: '2026-06-16T15:11:22-04:00'
date: '2026-06-16T15:08:48-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Growth
offices:
- Washington DC
---

## 

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth, dual-use defense technology company dedicated to countering adversarial asymmetric threats. Epirus' flagship technology, Leonidas™, is a software-defined, high-energy, high-power microwave platform to counter unmanned and autonomous systems.  

Our technology approach, developed and advanced by the world’s leading electronic warfare engineers, is to build a suite of electronic warfare and civilian capabilities for application across land, sea, air, and space domains.  

 

### Job Summary

Epirus is hiring a Senior U.S. Air Force (USAF) Business Development Manager to oversee our USAF sales cycle, from market analysis to customer engagement and cultivation, budget and requirement development, sales capture and execution. The individual will function as an externally facing executive who is a skilled communicator and problem solver and who is able to coordinate and leverage the resources of the company to facilitate business development and the generation of sales.  

This requires enthusiasm and energy, organized and analytical thinking, efficiency in action, attention to detail, collegiality to work with customers and cross-divisionally, and entrepreneurialism to generate and utilize one’s network to solve problems and generate sales. The individual will have responsibility for overseeing the company’s coverage with the U.S. Air Force and, where applicable, support the company’s international business development with foreign air force customers.  

The ideal candidate shall have technical and operational knowledge for both radio frequency (RF) systems and integrated engagement chains. Specifically, the candidate shall be capable of discussing the counter-Unmanned Aircraft System (c-UAS) kill chain, the UAS threat to the USAF, engagement options, and military doctrine that could be adapted to our mission. He or she shall also be capable of translating and communicating internal engineering discussions to our customers and operators while also bringing and prioritizing customer feedback into our development cycles to achieve product market fit.  

The Senior USAF Business Development Manager will report to the SVP, Growth and work closely with all leaders of the business, its advisors, and Board Directors.  

 

## Responsibilities

* Customer Sales Planning: Build and execute against a USAF sales strategy that:
* Is informed by a deep understanding of the way the Department of War, and the USAF in particular, plan and execute budgets
* Organizes cross-department resources and strengths – and shapes R&D and capability development – to meet operational needs and achieve sales
* **Relationship Architecture:**Build a deep network of relationships with USAF program managers and relevant component commands to identify needs, shape requirements, and market Epirus systems.
* **Pipeline Management:**Identify, qualify, and capture new R&D and procurement opportunities within USAF Major Commands (MAJCOMs).
* **Capture Management:** Lead cross-functional teams in the drafting of USAF ROMs, RFIs, and RFPs.
* **Strategic Intelligence:** Monitor USAF operational needs and modernization priorities, budget cycles, and competitor positioning.

 

## Required Qualifications

* Holds – or has the ability to obtain – an active Secret or higher security clearance
* Bachelor's degree
* Minimum 12 years combined experience with military operations, professional sales, capture planning, and defense requirements, budgeting, programming, contracting, or acquisition
* Minimum 5 years experience with the USAF (as a service member, civilian employee, contractor, or product deliverer)
* Minimum 3 years experience with Ground Based Air Defense and/or Uncrewed Aerial Systems
* Minimum 2 years experience with Directed Energy systems and/or radars
* Successful experience in identifying, shaping, and winning defense contracts (>$20M in total contract value)
* Effective oral, written, and presentation skills that can organize and distill complex issues for purposes of analysis and decision
* Proficiency in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel as well as varied video teleconferencing platforms as means of delivering and digesting information • Predilection and ability to think, anticipate, and problem solve strategically

## Preferred But Not Required Qualifications

* Operational and/or procurement experience with counter-UAS, short-range air defense, and/or electronic warfare
* Experience selling complex radio frequency systems
* Successful experience in identifying, shaping, and winning defense contracts (>$20M in total contract value)

 

**Additional Information** 

* The candidate is expected to be in the office at least four days a week
* Periodic travel will be required

  

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.   

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

Pay Transparency as required for Washington D.C. effective 2024

D.C. Salary Range

$185,900—$221,700 USD
