---
title: Field Support Logistician
status: active
id: '6104359004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=6104359004
lastmod: '2026-07-06T13:17:40-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T13:17:40-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Field Services
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company developing solid-state, software-defined directed energy systems that enable unprecedented counter-electronics effects and power management solutions to optimize power efficiency in defense and commercial applications. With a constant emphasis on innovation, we are redefining the future of power to bring tomorrow’s capabilities to life, today. And that’s just the beginning.

### Job Summary

Epirus is seeking a highly skilled **Field Support Logistician (FSL)**to provide broad spectrum support services to Epirus’ programs. This individual will report to the Manager of Support and Sustainment and work as a member of a small team with a primary focus on the setup, delivery, and ongoing support of our products. Their expertise ensures our technology meets and exceeds expectations in real-world scenarios. This individual will also need to comply with Field Service Representative (FSR) duties 50 percent of the year. These duties include maintenance, training support and sustainment of fielded HPM assets. The candidate will provide hands-on support for HPM-CUAS technical, network, and integration projects. This position requires a high degree of technical skill, personal resilience and flexibility, strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to work as part of a cross-functional team in a variety of physical environments.

## Responsibilities:

* Directs or performs Remote Site surveys to identify support and equipment needs and develops a plan to deploy and maintain equipment to support remote sites.
* Directs the delivery, setup, and field support of Epirus products.
* Directs the delivery, setup and support of Site support equipment.
* Sources local contracts for site support services and equipment
* Support Field Test activities
* Support Remote Site activities.
* Conduct inventory control of specific Field Service and Test equipment.
* Directs or performs maintenance, repair and upgrades of Home and Remote Site Support Equipment to include.
* Site Support: Generators, Comms, Power subsystems, Mission Ops Trailer, Gators, Forklifts, trailers, and related equipment.
* Collaborate cross-functionally across Epirus and externally with customers and key vendors to successfully execute the logistics movements of all deployments.
* Own and execute the logistics lifecycle of all deployments.
* Partner with Legal & Compliance to further increase Epirus’ CONUS and OCONUS shipping, customs, and export controls.
* Be responsible for Dangerous Goods shipping and our shipping strategies around hazardous materials.
* Provide field support for High Power Microwave Counter Unmanned Aerial Systems (HPM-CUAS), including installation, integration, sustainment, and training.
* Perform system startup, testing, firmware/software upgrades, and Line Repairable Unit (LRU) replacements.
* Assist in the development of Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTP) and provide recommendations for system modifications.
* Work with training teams to develop and conduct technical training for end users.
* Travel on short notice for field deployments, including hazardous duty locations, for 90–120-day durations.
* Deploy overseas locations to perform technical inspections, system checks, fault diagnosis, identify cause of failures, and replace Line Repairable Unit (LRU), test and restore HPM-CUAS systems to full functionality.
* Work with the Epirus training and enablement team to develop and conduct training on the proper care, use, maintenance, and preventive maintenance of systems.

## Basic Qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree or 8-10 years equivalent experience.
* Experience maintaining and repairing a broad range of electronics to include surveillance, communication equipment, UAS Cots and homebuilt drones and various other platforms.
* Experience sourcing and maintaining equipment and support contracts.
* Experience supporting test sites and remote work sites.
* Supply Chain Knowledge
* Knowledge on Domestic and International Shipments
* Technical experience working as a field service representative installing, configuring, testing, maintaining, repairing, operating, and effectively training end users on how to operate equipment.
* 2 to 4 years of progressively responsible experience with CUAS Systems (RF Detection, Radar, EO/ IR Optical systems, Command and Control (C2) Systems.
* Position requires daily interface with customers at numerous levels.
* Candidate must possess, and use, a high degree of tact and interpersonal communication skills in daily interactions with team members, clients, vendors, and end users.
* Candidate must hold a valid U.S. passport or have ability to obtain a U.S. passport.
* Current SECRET security clearance is required.

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* FAA Part 107 certification.
* Good written and oral communication skills
* Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and Power Point.
* Collaborative; capable of working across all levels of the organization.
* Organized; comfortable working in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment.
* Routine manual lifting of objects 50-80 pounds such as boxes and other equipment. Perform work in unusual and sometimes difficult positions such as climbing ladders; high lift equipment up to 40 feet, crawl spaces, above ceilings, etc. Manual dexterity required for frequent reaching, climbing, and lifting of moderate objects, operation of power and manual tools/equipment, and operating office equipment.
* Typical overseas assignments are frequently performed in both internal and external environments with a variety of weather conditions. Ability to work under extreme hot or cold weather conditions with exposure to dust or dirt is routine and may require the use of protective personal equipment (PPE).
* This position will require overseas travel. Candidates should be willing to be on travel / TDY away from their home location 90 – 120-day durations, in hazardous duty locations.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

People are the most important part of Epirus – and always come first. We don’t believe in the word impossible and are always asking “why not” as work to usher in a new paradigm of power efficiency. Our fast-growing team is agile, creative, and innovative. We support a culture of constant learning and sense of belonging among our team members and know that mentorship matters. We embrace diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workplace and beyond. To deliver on our mission, we are always looking for problem solvers, changemakers and innovators to join our fast-growing team.

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$141,900—$163,700 USD
