---
title: 'Global Trade Compliance Manager '
status: active
id: '6118236004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=6118236004
lastmod: '2026-07-22T12:36:11-04:00'
date: '2026-07-22T12:36:11-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Legal Department
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less.

**Job Summary:** The ideal Global Trade Compliance (“GTC”) Manager candidate is experienced in import and export compliance within a manufacturing environment. In this role, you will report to the Director of Contracts and Compliance and work closely with Engineering, Legal, Contracts, and Industrial Security team members. This role will oversee compliance with ITAR, EAR, U.S. Customs, OFAC, and other domestic and international trade laws and regulations.  By partnering with internal stakeholders and external advisors, the GTC Manager will oversee the compliance program to bring predictability and standardization to business operations.  As a subject matter expert, you will advise the most senior leaders and collaborate on strategic initiatives.

As the leader of the GTC program, you will draft, manage, and deliver training on relevant policies and procedures, create standard processes and checklists, and develop efficient methods for routine import and export activities.  You will monitor changes in pertinent regulations and deliver updates to employees, as necessary.   You will collaborate with engineers to complete jurisdiction classifications to support new product development.  This position will begin as an individual contributor; however, direct reports will be added as the business grows.

## **Responsibilities:**

* Manage the import and export compliance program
* Draft export licenses for commodities and technical data
* Manage all authorizations and technology transfer plans
* Prepare written jurisdiction classifications for commodities and technical data
* Draft and implement policies and procedures
* Oversee the denied-party screening program
* Support internal investigations
* Supervise and assist with audits
* Utilize IT systems that contain and manage export-controlled technical data

## **Basic Qualifications:**

* Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university
* 5-7 years of import/export experience, preferably in a defense and/or manufacturing business environment
* Extensive knowledge of the ITAR, EAR, and OFAC regulations
* Basic knowledge of import regulations
* Demonstrated export licensing experience
* Experience working with U.S. government IT systems, including DECCS and SNAP-R
* This is a hybrid position with a minimum of 3 days onsite and 2 days remote

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* U.S. Customs Broker License, CUSECO or other industry certifications
* Master's or other graduate-level degree
* Strong written and verbal communication skills
* Proactive and collaborative mindset with a willingness to solve complex problems
* Knowledge of lean process improvement and/or Agile systems and tools
* Familiarity with OCR-EASE
* A positive attitude and the ability to influence others
* Superior administrative skills to manage multiple areas of a compliance program

**Additional Requirements:** 

* Regular travel is not anticipated for this role; however, occasional trips could be necessary to support customer meetings, attend training events and/or meet with government regulators.

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

People are the most important part of Epirus – and always come first. We don’t believe in the word impossible and are always asking “why not” as work to usher in a new paradigm of power efficiency. Our fast-growing team is agile, creative, and innovative. We support a culture of constant learning and sense of belonging among our team members and know that mentorship matters. We embrace diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace and beyond. To deliver on our mission, we are always looking for problem solvers, changemakers and innovators to join our fast-growing team.

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$129,600—$165,200 USD
