---
title: Legal Operations Manager
status: active
id: '6118234004'
source: greenhouse
url: https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles?gh_jid=6118234004
lastmod: '2026-07-20T13:59:47-04:00'
date: '2026-07-20T13:59:47-04:00'
location: Torrance, California, United States
departments:
- Legal Department
offices:
- Torrance, California
---

## **About Epirus**

Epirus is a high-growth technology company dedicated to overcoming the asymmetric challenges inherent to the future of national security. Epirus' flagship product, Leonidas, is a software-defined system built using intelligent power management techniques which allow power-hungry systems to do more with less. 

 

### Job Summary:

We are looking for a Paralegal to lead the activities of corporate governance and legal operations.  

 

## Responsibilities:

* Lead the creation and implementation of contracting playbooks in support of multiple departments, including Supply Chain and IT.
* Identify, evaluate, select and lead the implementation of best-in-class automation tools to streamline and expedite contracting and legal activities.  Manage competitive selection of tools, including drafting the scopes of work and evaluation criteria.
* Serve as the primary manager and administrator of the Company’s corporate governance documents, including routing for approval and ensuring all records are organized in the Carta system.  Leading the distribution of Corporate documents, collection of signatures, and storage of all corporate records.
* Scale the legal operations function, which may include team leadership, as Epirus grows and expands geographically.  Identify and implement tools to support multi-site contract and compliance management.  As the software SME, train and support users at multiple locations with various tools utilized by the Legal & Compliance department.
* Own management of the company’s equity program, including stock options, RSUs, and other instruments in Carta, ensuring accurate records and compliance.  Provide training and support to internal Carta administrators in the HR and Finance functions.  Answer equity questions and information requests posed by senior leaders, including Board members.
* Independently manage and optimize processes for equity administration—including grants, exercises, transfers, and cancellations—ensuring compliance with evolving company policies and regulatory standards.  Serve as the SME for equity administration, including attending external training as necessary to maintain proficiency with systems and processes.
* Track dilution, maintain cap tables, and generate equity reports for leadership, investors, and compliance purposes, delivering actionable insights and scenario planning for leadership, investors, and compliance teams to inform strategic decision-making.  Collaborate directly with the CFO, Controller and Director, FP&A to administer the cap table and equity.
* Act as a cross-functional partner to Legal, Finance, HR, and external counsel to operationalize compliance with SEC regulations, 409A valuations, and corporate governance, anticipating potential issues and recommending preventative solutions
* Identify and implement legal technology solutions to enhance contract management, compliance tracking, and governance.
* Oversee document governance frameworks—including retention policies and audit readiness—ensuring organizational preparedness for audits, financing rounds, and M&A due diligence through structured planning and cross-team alignment.
* Partner with legal, finance, HR, and compliance teams to streamline workflows, improve processes, and mitigate operational risks.  Utilize Jira and other existing tools to maximize automation and rapid support for routine business processes.

  

## Basic Qualifications:

* Minimum 5 years of experience in equity administration, legal operations, or related fields OR 3 years with a Master’s or graduate degree.
* Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Legal Studies, or a related field
* Understanding of SEC rules, 409A valuations, and compliance requirements for equity compensation.
* Experience implementing automation tools and legal software to enhance efficiency.
* Strong organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities.
* Excellent communication and cross-functional teamwork skills.

  

## Preferred Skills and Experience:

* Paralegal certification
* Hands-on experience with Carta (or similar equity management platforms)

 

**ITAR REQUIREMENTS:**  

* To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/ddtc_public/ddtc_public?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).

 

At Epirus, you’ll work with technical peers and great people—and get first crack at some of the defining technology challenges of our time. Here, “impossible” is just a challenge. We're a diverse, fast-growing team of change-makers fueling the future of energy with revolutionary solutions. [Join us and rewrite the rules.](https://www.epirusinc.com/open-roles) 

*As required by the Equal Pay Transparency Act, Epirus provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.*

For the state of California only, the range of starting pay for this role is:

$140,000—$159,400 USD
