---
title: Senior Hardware Operations Program Manager
status: archived
id: 55b393cf-124c-46f8-bd83-8c62e3ce628b
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/55b393cf-124c-46f8-bd83-8c62e3ce628b
lastmod: '2026-03-03T21:20:33.213+00:00'
date: '2026-03-03T21:20:33.213+00:00'
location: Hayward, California, United States
departments:
- Operations
- Supply Chain & Logistics
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**

Skydio is seeking a talented, multi-disciplinary program manager to drive successful delivery of new product & sustaining projects within the Operations organization. In this critical role your contributions will directly impact quality, speed to market, productivity, scaling of manufacturing operations, and profitability as Skydio delivers revolutionary autonomous drones and infrastructure to market, building advanced hardware with modern techniques in an American factory.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* **Collaborate cross-functionally** with product, engineering, reliability, customer service, supply chain, logistics, manufacturing and production teams to plan and execute the detailed development, implementation and support of new hardware products.
* **Define objectives, deliverables & metrics** for projects with clear exit criteria for each program phase to meet schedule, cost, quality and capacity targets. Run internal operations and production readiness meetings.
* **Plan projects & programs, track progress, communicate status and escalate issues**, leading risk management and problem-solving as appropriate throughout the program lifecycle.
* **Drive program review meetings**, partnering with cross-functional program managers to provide concise and actionable status updates, solicit critical input, and communicate risks.
* **Develop & improve processes** for supply chain, manufacturing and quality, ensuring operations deliverables are completed on time for successful project outcomes.
* **Coordinate & prioritize post-ramp qualification and sustaining activities** including product improvements, international expansion, transition to and from contract manufacturers, engineering builds, system-level testing, ECO implementation, and end-of-life planning.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Functional understanding of manufacturing, quality, supply chain, engineering and change management throughout the product development lifecycle
* Strong electro-mechanical program management background, preferably with consumer and industrial electronics
* Excellent problem-solving, critical thinking, organizational, communication and leadership skills
* Analytical approach to drive recommendations based on data, identifying or developing tools to coordinate and track project progress
* Willingness to work outside the scope of your role to cover gaps in ownership
* Ability to remain flexible, calm and creative in the face of uncertainty and change

**Compensation:**

At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $127k - $180k\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-JC1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
