---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Frontend
status: archived
id: 86cfc7bb-001c-4c1c-b680-160265535a96
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/86cfc7bb-001c-4c1c-b680-160265535a96
lastmod: '2026-02-07T21:51:08.310+00:00'
date: '2026-02-07T21:51:08.310+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Software
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Role:**

We're looking for a Senior Frontend Engineer to lead development of real-time, high-impact applications used by drone pilots, first responders, and mission commanders. You’ll be a key contributor in shaping the future of drones as critical infrastructure - building intuitive, resilient, and high-performance interfaces that deliver mission-critical video, telemetry, and control.

**How You’ll Make an Impact:**

* Innovate on UI/UX in Skydio’s real time browser flight experience.
* Develop mission and mapping workflows in 3D with geospatial data
* Improve browser performance through process splitting and web workers
* Help set engineering culture around best practices through CRs and tech talks
* Enable pilots to execute complex multi-drone operations with ease.
* Collaborate with autonomy and iterate on features with in field feedback.

**What Makes You a Good Fit:**

* 5+ years of experience building and shipping customer-facing frontend applications.
* Strong expertise in modern web development (React, TypeScript, GraphQL, WebGL/Three.js).
* Proven ability to design systems that scale for performance, reliability, and usability.
* Strong product intuition and empathy for end-users operating in high-stakes environments.
* Demonstrated experience working across teams to deliver complex, integrated features from concept to production.

**Bonus Points:**

* Experience working with geospatial data visualization (Mapbox, Cesium, or similar).
* Familiarity with photogrammetry, scanning, mapping, or rendering pipelines.
* Experience integrating frontend with cloud-based services (AWS, Temporal, Kubernetes).
* Exposure to autonomy or robotics platforms.)

**Work Location**: This role is a hybrid position, requiring you to work from our San Mateo, California office three days per week. While we are flexible regarding which days you come in, all employees are expected to be able to commute to the office three times a week or be open to relocating closer. We offer relocation packages to assist candidates with this move.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $170,000-240,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-WA1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
