---
title: Senior Strategy and Planning Analyst
status: archived
id: 8b96b4ed-04cf-4451-89bc-0db79a01d64d
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/8b96b4ed-04cf-4451-89bc-0db79a01d64d
lastmod: '2026-05-26T21:18:14.897+00:00'
date: '2026-05-26T21:18:14.897+00:00'
location: US CA San Mateo
departments:
- Operations
- Sales
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the Role:**

The Senior Strategy and Planning Analyst (SSPA) is responsible for the collection, analysis, and reporting of sales related data in an ongoing effort to guide the annual sales planning process to increase overall sales productivity & sales bookings growth. This position will develop and track key performance indicators considered instrumental in enhancing business understanding with the goal of improving decision-making around all aspects of annual sales planning, compensation planning, territory planning.

The SSPA will create both standardized & custom reports from data collected across many business applications. That data will be used to conduct quantitative product & sales analysis which will be utilized by sales leadership, sales operations, and finance to guide the annual, quarterly, and weekly sales planning and operations. The SSPA will provide support and other assistance as necessary in assessing future needs and data integrity. This individual will also develop standardized tools, methodologies and business processes to improve operational efficiency.

**How you'll make an impact:**

* Assume a key role in annual sales and fiscal year planning function to aid us in the development of the annual financial bookings plan that we use for GTM
* Assist sales leadership & sales operations with annual territory planning & mapping
* Aid sales leadership with annual headcount planning
* Aid sales leadership with annual incentive compensation planning and management
* Work closely with sales operations weekly, quarterly, and annually on forecasting cadence to develop structure, modeling, & utilization of data coming from the field
* Work with different teams across the organization to gather requirements, priorities, define key performance indicators (KPI) for projects related to annual sales planning
* Design and document dashboards and reports either on a regular recurring basis or as needed
* Build an understanding of the business through dashboards and reports at a level of detail that enables the business to identify areas critical to the organization’s strategy and performance as it relates to sales planning
* Aid in the quarterly business review process by providing data insights for performance evaluation and strategic planning
* Demonstrate creativity in problem solving in a complex and evolving organization.
* Research business problems and create models that help analyze these business problems
* Provide supportive data and vital information in an organized, succinct, and concise manner

**What would make you a good fit:**

* 5+ years of experience in: Quantitative business analysis, forecasting & production planning, finance & cost accounting
* Systems integration experience (Palantir (Foundry), SFDC, NetSuite, and various other GTM business applications and back of house financial systems)
* Strong communication skills and ability to present and share with various stakeholders teams and executives (e.g., Hardware Operations, Sales, Finance, etc.)
* Must have strong analytical, quantitative and problem solving skills, and high attention to detail
* Ability to build and maintain complex computer applications and programs that perform analysis, organize data & create reports from various sources
* Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to operate across multiple functional organizations to create a cohesive team environment yet highly motivated to take ownership of projects and work independently
* Ability to perform complex analysis such as regression, forecasting, and probability modeling
* Obtaining FAA Part 107 certification within the first 60 days of employment is strongly encouraged for all Skydio employees and required for certain positions.

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $130,000 - $160,000\*. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.  
  
#LI-LP1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
