---
title: Aviation Regulatory Program Manager
status: archived
id: d73ae64d-5877-4ab6-ad42-0224702f3fba
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/d73ae64d-5877-4ab6-ad42-0224702f3fba
lastmod: '2026-03-20T15:40:57.900+00:00'
date: '2026-03-20T15:40:57.900+00:00'
location: US Remote
departments:
- Operations
- Policy & Regulatory Affairs
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

## **About the Role**

We are seeking a world-class **Aviation Regulatory Program Manager** to join our Global Aviation Regulatory team. You will execute regulatory strategy to secure and sustain operational approvals that enable advanced, autonomous drone operations in the U.S. and globally.

This is the opportunity of a lifetime. Skydio is the largest American drone company whose products are used by thousands of organizations across critical infrastructure, public safety, energy utilities and many sectors. We believe our regulatory team is the best in the world, led by pioneers who have secured groundbreaking approvals in the U.S. and other countries.

If you want to break regulatory barriers, enable life-saving missions, and join a rocket-ship company that is transforming drone technology, this is the job for you.

## **How You’ll Make an Impact**

This is a high-impact role at the intersection of technology, regulation, and real-world deployment of autonomous systems, where you will:

* Develop, submit, and defend aviation regulatory operational approval requests, waivers, exemptions, and declarations that enable safe and scalable drone operations.
* Be a trusted resource and guide for our customers and partners pursuing advanced regulatory projects.
* Develop and maintain scalable systems to track and oversee the implementation of regulatory projects.
* Translate emerging regulations into clear internal guidance and actionable plans.
* Support key product demonstrations and technical validation events in coordination with the flight testing and solutions engineering teams.
* Provide regulatory advice to the customer support, product management, and engineering teams to ensure the compliant, safe, and scalable use of Skydio’s hardware and software products.
* Serve as a point of contact with civil aviation authorities (FAA and global regulators), representing Skydio in regulatory reviews, audits, and compliance discussions.
* Contribute to standards development and represent Skydio in industry bodies and consensus forums.

## **What Makes You a Good Fit**

* Bachelor’s degree in aviation, engineering, public policy, or a related field or equivalent experience.
* Passion for aviation, autonomy, and creating solutions that drive real impact. Having both manned and unmanned aviation experience is a plus.
* Experience navigating regulatory frameworks for unmanned aircraft operations (U.S. and international is a plus).
* Demonstrated ability to communicate complex technical and regulatory concepts clearly and persuasively to both regulators and internal teams.
* History of collaborating cross-functionally in fast-paced, high-growth environments.
* Strong sense of ownership and the ability to operate in a fast-paced environment with competing demands on your time.
* Obsessive focus on customer success.
* Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to explain complicated topics--such as autonomy--to regulators and partners.

Ability to travel to client sites and attend technical validation events, as required (including international).

**Compensation:** At Skydio, our compensation packages for regular, full-time employees include competitive base salaries, equity in the form of stock options, and comprehensive benefits packages. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. Relocation assistance may also be provided for eligible roles. The annual base salary range for this position is $113,000 - $155,000. Fundamentally, we believe that equity is the key to long-term financial growth, and we ensure all regular, full-time employees have the opportunity to significantly benefit from the company's success. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to enroll in the Company’s group health insurance plans. Regular, full-time employees are eligible to receive the following benefits: Paid vacation time, sick leave, holiday pay and 401K savings plan. This position and all associated benefits are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as the Company’s policies and eligibility criteria.

\*Compensation for certain positions may vary based on the position’s location.

#LI-WM1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
