---
title: Software Engineer Intern Fall 2026/Winter 2027
status: archived
id: f6320e9b-4eed-408d-8d37-d509fb0406ee
source: ashby
url: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/skydio/f6320e9b-4eed-408d-8d37-d509fb0406ee
lastmod: '2026-05-05T22:59:03.280+00:00'
date: '2026-05-05T22:59:03.280+00:00'
location: San Mateo, California, United States
departments:
- R&D
- Software
---

Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial mobility. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, operational excellence, and customer obsession to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users, from [utility inspectors](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/energy-and-utilities) to [first responders](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/public-safety), [soldiers in battlefield scenarios](https://www.skydio.com/solutions/national-security/tactical-isr), and [beyond](https://www.skydio.com/solutions).

**About the role:**  
  
With best-in-class autonomy and real-time cloud connectivity, drones are becoming critical infrastructure for solving real-world problems faster, safer, and more efficiently.  
  
We’re looking for an intern to join us in Fall 2026 or Winter 2027.

As an intern on the Cloud Platform and Infrastructure team, you’ll help build and scale the cloud systems that make this possible. Our team works across a wide range of challenges and we go where we're needed:

* Tackling scalability and deployment in both cloud and air-gapped environments
* Designing and improving core cloud infrastructure and CI/CD systems
* Enhancing telemetry, observability, and developer productivity

The variety of work means there are plenty of opportunities to learn and have a meaningful impact on how Skydio builds and delivers software. The ideal candidate is a junior, senior, or master’s student with hands-on experience developing complex web applications or backend systems, but above all, we're looking for a highly curious and resourceful candidate, capable of using tools and AI at their disposal to accelerate their understanding and productivity.

**Project Examples**:

* Building a system for allowing product teams to manage feature flags and rollouts of functionality to customers.
* Profiling server and backend system workloads, and optimizing performance or resource utilization.
* Developing a test framework to allow developers to simulate certain vehicle states and test application behavior.
* Developing and packaging a small form factor Skydio cloud offering for use in airgapped or edge environments.

**What makes you a good fit:**

* Solid computer science fundamentals.
* Meaningful project and/or internship experience developing complex web applications or backend data systems.
* Proficiency with Python, Golang, and/or Javascript/Typescript.
* Familiarity with REST-ful APIs, Linux operating system configuration, build tools, relational databases (e.g. Postgres, MySQL) and caching systems (Redis, Memcached).
* Understanding of cloud service offerings (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure), deployment techniques, and configuration management

**Compensation Range:** The hourly rate for this position is $47/hr for Undergrad, $53/hr for Graduate students, and $58 for PhD students\*. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience.

\*For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individual's regional location.

#LI-ZD1

At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.

For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <https://www.e-verify.gov/>
