---
title: Staff Supplier Quality Specialist (R5034)
status: archived
id: b54a9d39-7ecb-4f71-b969-73ca19933c02
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/b54a9d39-7ecb-4f71-b969-73ca19933c02
lastmod: '2026-06-16T01:43:41.413000+00:00'
date: '2026-06-16T01:43:41.413000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- Supply Chain
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

Join a team dedicated to delivering the highest standards of quality and reliability in advanced aerospace systems. In this role, you will drive supplier quality and inspection excellence, partnering across engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain teams to solve complex challenges, improve processes, and ensure critical components meet rigorous performance and compliance requirements.

### What you'll do:

* Execute Supply chain non-conformance management processes, including SDR,MRB, return to vendor (RTV) and supplier corrective action (CAPA)
* Analyze supplier quality data and partner with supply chain engineers (SDE) and others to drive supplier improvements
* Build relationships with cross-functional groups to identify, reduce and ultimately eliminate impacts from vendor defects
* Assist the team in developing policies, standards, processes and documentation as necessary to endure continued success
* Review certifications, test reports, and supplier documentation for compliance with purchase order requirements including full receiving inspection on products
* Accurately document inspection results and nonconformances in accordance with company procedures.
* Ensure inspection records are complete, organized, and retained per company and AS9100 requirements.
* Assist with first article inspections (FAI) per AS9102 requirements as needed.
* Create and Maintain department metrics
* Drive continuous improvement projects
* Maintain and verify the calibration status of inspection equipment used.
* Support and participate in internal and external audits as required.
* Maintain a clean and organized inspection area following safety and 5S principles.

### Required qualifications:

* 3+ years of quality control experience inspecting electrical and mechanical parts in aerospace or precision manufacturing
* High school diploma or equivalent required; technical training or certifications in inspection, quality, or aerospace manufacturing preferred. Degree is a plus but not required.
* Knowledge of GD&T, engineering drawings, and aerospace standards (AS9100, AS9102) required.
* Experience using inspection tools such as calipers, micrometers, height gauges, surface plates, and other precision measuring equipment.
* Ability to read and interpret blueprints, specifications, and quality documents accurately.
* Basic computer skills, including proficiency with MS Office and ERP/MRP systems for recording inspections.
* Strong attention to detail, problem-solving skills, and ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
* Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.

### Preferred qualifications:

* IPC 610 and 620 and DO-178
* ASQ Certify QE/Inspector

#LD

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
