---
title: Power Electronics - Staff Electrical Engineer (R4479)
status: archived
id: be0a4dc7-d2ca-428b-91ef-516012965b5f
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/be0a4dc7-d2ca-428b-91ef-516012965b5f
lastmod: '2026-04-07T14:03:49.664000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-07T14:03:49.664000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Avionics
offices:
- Boston, MA
- Dallas, Texas
- San Diego, California
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

**Job Description**

Shield AI is redefining autonomous aviation with cutting-edge AI and GPS/RF-denied navigation technologies. Now, we’re building a next-generation aircraft XBAT like no other—one that will push the boundaries of innovation and performance.

We’re looking for a Staff Power Engineer to provide technical leadership in the design, development, and delivery of high-performance power systems across our aircraft programs. This is a high-ownership role where you will define architectures, mentor junior engineers, and ensure that our power electronics meet the rigorous demands of autonomous aviation. If you excel in cross-functional collaboration, thrive in fast-moving environments, and are passionate about pushing the limits of power system design, we want to hear from you.

### What you'll do:

* Own flight critical power sub-system design for X-BAT
* Design power electronics for the high voltage and low voltage systems. This includes inverters, DC-DC converters, battery management, and other power electronics
* Harden the designs for harsh environments such as shock/vibe, high reliability, radiation, and high-altitude
* Work on power sub-systems and designs for both low power (<1 kW) and high power (>10 kW)
* Full-cycle hardware development: Own the entire flow — concept, modeling, worst case analysis, schematic capture, simulation, prototyping, design reiteration for improving design maturity, testing and validation
* PCB ownership: Drive PCB layout and design with ECAD engineers, optimizing for power density, EMI, thermal, and manufacturability
* Design for Safety, Manufacturability and Reliability: Design robust systems keeping in mind best practices for safety, manufacturing and reliability
* Board Bring Up and Testing: Execute  board bring up, verification, validation and HALT testing to meet rigorous aerospace reliability standards
* Cross-functional collaboration: Work closely with Mechanical, CAD, Embedded, Software, Supply Chain, Test Automation, Production and various aircraft teams throughout the product lifecycle
* Design review leadership: Lead and contribute to cross-functional reviews ensuring robust, high-integrity engineering decisions. Mentor junior engineers that support your design
* Program execution: Manage project timelines, deliverables, and technical milestones to drive on-time, high-quality outcomes

### Required qualifications:

* You have a B.S. in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
* You have 5+ years of experience as an Electrical Engineer
* You are experienced with: circuit design, schematic capture, component selection, circuit testing, and debugging
* You have a demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others
* Familiarity with Altium or equivalent
* Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
