---
title: Engineer II, Software Test (R4786)
status: archived
id: c5c89666-d394-4d08-b846-7db8e205bea3
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/c5c89666-d394-4d08-b846-7db8e205bea3
lastmod: '2026-04-07T01:41:58.389000+00:00'
date: '2026-04-07T01:41:58.389000+00:00'
location: Dallas, Texas
departments:
- X-BAT Engineering - Software
offices:
- Dallas, Texas
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

We are seeking an experienced Test Engineer to support the development, integration, and validation of XBat flight critical software systems. This role is responsible for designing and executing test strategies across hardware, software, and system-level components to ensure performance, reliability, and mission readiness.

Key responsibilities include developing test plans and procedures, executing verification and validation (V&V) efforts, analyzing test data, and collaborating cross-functionally with engineering, manufacturing, and program teams. The ideal candidate has strong experience with aerospace or defense systems, familiarity with regulatory standards (e.g., DO-178C, DO-254, MIL HDBK 516c), and a proven ability to troubleshoot complex system issues.

Qualifications include a degree in engineering or a related field, 2-5 years of relevant experience, and strong analytical, communication, and leadership skills. Experience with automated testing, hardware-in-the-loop (HIL), and flight test support is highly desirable.

### What you'll do:

* Develop test plans and procedures,
* Execute verification and validation (V&V) efforts
* Analyzing test data
* Collaborating cross-functionally with engineering, manufacturing, and program teams.

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field
* Hands-on experience in testing (e.g., 2–5 years depending on level) across software, hardware, or integrated systems
* Knowledge of test methodologies including verification & validation (V&V), regression testing, and test case development
* Experience with test tools and automation, such as scripting (Python, MATLAB, or similar) and test frameworks
* Ability to read and interpret technical documentation, requirements, and system specifications
* Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to troubleshoot and isolate defects
* Strong written and verbal communication skills for documenting and reporting test results
* Ability to obtain a S//SAR level security clearance desired.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience testing and troubleshooting complex embedded systems.
* Experience with large programs and fielding first of type systems.

#LI-SM1

#LB

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
