---
title: Staff Engineer, Software (C++/Networking) (R4337)
status: archived
id: ed0205dd-46b7-4261-bf6b-499aaa754664
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/ed0205dd-46b7-4261-bf6b-499aaa754664
lastmod: '2026-01-07T03:47:07.226000+00:00'
date: '2026-01-07T03:47:07.226000+00:00'
location: San Diego, California
departments:
- Foundations
offices:
- San Diego, California
- United States
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

Job Description:   
  
Shield AI is seeking a Staff Engineer to help lead the design and development of advanced networking capabilities that support our autonomous systems. As part of the Hivemind Foundations team, you’ll focus on building high-performance, reliable networking software spanning transport through application layers. Your work will enable resilient communications for autonomous aircraft and ground systems operating in dynamic and contested environments. This role sits at the intersection of networking, distributed systems, and autonomy infrastructure, and is critical to our ability to deploy robust autonomous systems in real-world operations.

### What you'll do:

* Lead the development of the EdgeOS Communication stack used in deployed systems.
* Own the architecture, implementation, and integration of high-performance C++ networking components.
* Develop and optimize transport- and application-layer networking features for reliable, low-latency communication.
* Collaborate closely with autonomy, systems, and simulation teams
* Support development of network simulation capabilities used for testing and validation in simulated environments.

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.
* Typically requires a minimum of 7 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 5 years and a Master’s degree; or 3 years with a PhD; or equivalent work experience.
* Proficient with C++ 11 or newer in a production environment.
* Understanding of networking fundamentals across IP, TCP/UDP, routing, QoS, and hands-on experience with network debugging and analysis tools (e.g., netem, ifconfig, Wireshark, etc).
* Experience developing and debugging distributed or networked systems.
* Proven track record of leading and delivering complex technical projects with minimal oversight.

### Preferred qualifications:

* Experience with C++17 or newer standards.
* Knowledge of CMake and Conan build systems.
* Background in distributed systems, simulation, or autonomous robotics environments.
* Experience with network emulation or simulation tools (e.g., ns-3, EMANE, CORE, Mininet).
* Familiarity with RF communication systems or wireless networking concepts.

Staff: $150,000- $225,000

Senior Staff: $180,000- $270,000

#LI-KC3

#LE

Full-time regular employee offer package:

Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

Temporary employee offer package:

Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days of employment)

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are not eligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representative for more information.

###

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
