---
title: Manager, Business Development (R5377)
status: archived
id: f5b40f7d-e8ff-4e30-995e-7dbe883bd9e9
source: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/shieldai/f5b40f7d-e8ff-4e30-995e-7dbe883bd9e9
lastmod: '2026-07-15T16:12:12.084000+00:00'
date: '2026-07-15T16:12:12.084000+00:00'
location: New Delhi
departments:
- Business Development
offices:
- New Delhi
---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed defense-tech company with the mission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems. Its products include Hivemind autonomy software and V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft. With offices and facilities across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology actively supports operations worldwide. For more information, visit [www.shield.ai](https://www.shield.ai). Follow Shield AI on [LinkedIn](https://edge.prnewswire.com/c/link/?t=0&l=en&o=4619680-1&h=3309389735&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fshield-ai&a=LinkedIn), [X](https://x.com/shieldaitech), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shield_ai/), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Shield_AI).

### Job Description:

A passionate and driven individual looking to work with a high performing Business Development team to provide our customers with mission critical, market leading AI products. As a part of our Business Development team, you will focus on securing the technical edge in our pursuits, increasing revenue, and positioning us as the leading AI company for autonomy within commercial, national security, and defense applications.

This position will be based in Delhi with a need to attend our central office regularly.

### What you'll do:

* Plan detailed customer engagements that highlight the benefits of our autonomy and artificial intelligence tools. Identify new opportunities to leverage our technology and products - V-BAT, X-BAT and Hivemind - to achieve various mission sets.
* In collaboration with software development teams and product managers, help facilitate the delivery of top-notch solutions to customers.
* Become an expert in the AI within the commercial & defence sector through ongoing research and customer engagements.
* Help launch Hivemind Enterprise that sells as Software as a service (SaaS) to enterprise level businesses and government customers (B2B & B2G) using which the customers can themselves craft their own autonomy Solutions (AI Pilots). You will also help introduce Hivemind Solutions that sell as autonomy products (AI Pilots) seeking to address customers’ specific mission sets. Hivemind Solutions also addresses both business and government customers.
* Respond per client feedback.

### Required qualifications:

* Bachelor’s degree (preferably engineering) with a minimum of 14 years of relevant professional experience in Defence & Aerospace industry or armed forces.
* Ideally a veteran. Indian Army flight test crew (both Test Pilot and Flight Test Engineer) strongly preferred.
* Familiarity with acquisition policies (knowledge of DAP and DPM).
* Willingness and ability to travel as might be required.
* Creativity and strategic thinking in developing innovative sales approaches and building strong customer relationships.
* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
* Strong organisational abilities with a high level of attention to detail.
* Proven negotiation, relationship management, and problem-solving skills.
* Ability to perform effectively in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment, managing multiple priorities simultaneously.

#LI-LD2

#LD

Total package details for U.S. based positions:

- Regular employee positions: Salary within range listed above + Bonus + Benefits + Equity

- Temporary employee positions: Hourly within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60 days

of employment)

- Interns/Military Fellows/Part-time not eligible for bonus, benefits or equity

Total package details for International positions which are roles based outside of the United States (where applicable):

- International premium, hardship differential, cost of living differential, living quarters allowance, foreign service transfer

allowance, equity, international benefits, visa assistance, and relocation assistance.

Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background and possible reference check.

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
