---
title: Product Operations Lead
status: active
id: '4695274007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vannevarlabs/jobs/4695274007
lastmod: '2026-06-05T12:43:01-04:00'
date: '2025-04-01T16:02:51-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Mission Strategy
offices:
- Remote
---

**Vannevar is a defense technology company building AI to deter our adversaries.** In the 21st century, conflict moves at algorithmic speed and foresight equals firepower. Our agentic AI is purpose-built to compete with China—from cross-Strait conflict to gray zone coercion. Trained on the most mission-relevant datasets in defense, our technology models adversary behavior, simulates campaigns, and recommends the best course of action to decision makers. Our AI systems are some of the most trusted in the industry and actively used on the front lines of the Indo-Pacific to keep the peace and save lives.

Exceptional technology starts with exceptional people. Vannevar is a small agile team combining world-class engineers with veteran strategists who bring deep expertise in defense and tradecraft. We’re building a company defined by mission impact, user empathy, and disciplined growth. In just three years, we grew from $3M to $80M in ARR, achieved early profitability, and reached unicorn status—proving that disruption doesn’t require an ego, and staying power doesn’t mean standing still.

### **About the role**

We are looking for a Product Operations Lead to scale our Special Activities and Information Operations product deployments, deliver outstanding mission outcomes for our customers, and build the product foundation to solve new mission challenges and support further growth.

### **What you'll do**

* Deliver mission impact with our Special Activities and Information Operations products. Understand customer mission objectives, determine how to deliver timely mission-relevant insights with our tools, and execute accordingly.
* Curate insights from the data we generate, drawing on your geopolitical analysis skills while leveraging AI/ML tools to operate at scale and communicating in a mission-relevant format. Ensure a high degree of rigor in our products.
* Test innovative ways to achieve customer mission objectives and to Improve our operational processes for running our Special Activities and Information Operations products, including our tradecraft, vendor management, and integration with technology.
* Lead high-impact customer interactions, including mission demonstrations for prospective customers and mission support for current customers.
* Direct interaction with customers is important for all our team members, and you should expect some amount of travel to customer locations (~30%).

### **What we look for**

* 4+ years experience in intelligence or geopolitical analysis, ideally with experience using software for data analysis, or in customer success for defense/intelligence products
* Deep understanding of geopolitical trends and ongoing world events
* Demonstrated ability to manage operations with multiple stakeholders and implement significant improvements to operational processes
* Domain experience in national security analysis, polling/population data analysis, or media/social media expertise preferred
* **Active TS/SCI clearance is preferred**

### **What we offer**

We’re proud to offer competitive benefits that support our employees. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

* Health, dental, and vision insurance
* 100% remote first culture. You can work from anywhere in the US and all full time employees have WeWork access
* Unlimited PTO including competitive vacation and holiday schedules
* Lifestyle stipends - Monthly mental health, wellness & fitness stipend, in-home office setup stipend and family planning assistance
* Salary top-up during military reserve duty
* Fully paid parental leave
* Child and pet care reimbursement during travel

**#LI-Remote**

Vannevar is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply, even if you don't feel like you're a perfect fit. If you're passionate about contributing to our mission, we'd love to hear from you!

**IMPORTANT NOTICE  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all applicants. Official emails from the company will come from an @vannevarlabs.com domain. Under no circumstances will a legitimate representative from our company contact you to request passwords, financial information, or other sensitive personal data. Please be vigilant of potential scams.**
