---
title: Capture Manager (Clearance Required)
status: active
id: '5092215007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vannevarlabs/jobs/5092215007
lastmod: '2026-06-17T12:03:58-04:00'
date: '2026-03-27T15:43:09-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Mission
offices:
- Remote
---

**Vannevar is a defense technology company building AI to deter our adversaries.** In the 21st century, conflict moves at algorithmic speed and foresight equals firepower. Our agentic AI is purpose-built to compete with China—from cross-Strait conflict to gray zone coercion. Trained on the most mission-relevant datasets in defense, our technology models adversary behavior, simulates campaigns, and recommends the best course of action to decision makers. Our AI systems are some of the most trusted in the industry and actively used on the front lines of the Indo-Pacific to keep the peace and save lives.

Exceptional technology starts with exceptional people. Vannevar is a small agile team combining world-class engineers with veteran strategists who bring deep expertise in defense and tradecraft. We’re building a company defined by mission impact, user empathy, and disciplined growth. In just three years, we grew from $3M to $80M in ARR, achieved early profitability, and reached unicorn status—proving that disruption doesn’t require an ego, and staying power doesn’t mean standing still.

### What you’ll do

* Source, qualify, and develop new business opportunities across target industries or agencies

* Coordinate partner activities across multiple simultaneous engagements while maintaining clear communication and operational rigor.

* Drive end-to-end capture lifecycle, from early opportunity shaping through proposal development and contract award. This includes a multi-hatted person who can operate at the strategic level to support and develop concepts, as well as own the tactical level of driving proposal/whitepaper writing and analysis.

* Conduct market research to identify potential customers, decision-makers, and use cases

* Schedule and facilitate discovery calls, demos, and meetings the align with company strategy and government program pursuits

* Drive early capture activities: white papers, RFIs, tech demos, engagements, capability briefings, and TEMs.

* Represent Vannevar at conferences, events, and networking opportunities to generate awareness and leads

* Support contracting activities from proposal to contract administration to contract closeout

* Support negotiations with external partners to ensure agreements are scalable and aligned with company objectives

* Continuously refine prospecting strategies based on market feedback and performance

* Maintain accurate records in CRM and report on pipeline activity

### What we’re looking for

* 7+ years of experience in business development, partnerships, government contracting, or related roles.

* Experience selling or supporting complex software solutions (AI/ML experience is a plus)

* Proven ability to meet or exceed lead generation and sales pipeline goals

* Familiarity with CRM tools (e.g., Salesforce) and sales automation platforms

* Working knowledge of FAR/DFAR, OT and general government contracting standards

* Prior experience in both technology companies and government-facing organizations.

* DC location based preferred

* Active security clearance preferred

### What we value

* Strong communication, networking, and interpersonal skills

* Self-starter with a high level of initiative and accountability

* Comfortable conducting discovery calls and articulating technical value propositions

* Strong organizational skills and attention to detail

* Team-oriented mindset with a willingness to learn and adapt in a startup environment

* Curious and passionate about emerging technology and AI-driven transformation

 

### What we offer

We’re proud to offer competitive benefits that support our employees. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

* Health, dental, and vision insurance
* Remote friendly with WeWork access
* Unlimited PTO, shared downtime during the federal holiday calendar, and company-wide off time at the end of each year
* 401(k) match
* Lifestyle & wellbeing stipends
* Salary top-up during military reserve duty
* Fully paid parental leave
* Child and pet care reimbursement during travel

Vannevar is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply, even if you don't feel like you're a perfect fit. If you're passionate about contributing to our mission, we'd love to hear from you!

**IMPORTANT NOTICE  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all applicants. Official emails from the company will come from an @vannevarlabs.com domain. Under no circumstances will a legitimate representative from our company contact you to request passwords, financial information, or other sensitive personal data. Please be vigilant of potential scams.**
