---
title: Senior Software Engineer - Agents Platform
status: active
id: '5100492007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vannevarlabs/jobs/5100492007
lastmod: '2026-04-13T16:49:47-04:00'
date: '2026-04-06T16:02:31-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Backend Platform Engineering
offices:
- Remote
---

**Vannevar is a defense technology company building AI to deter our adversaries.** In the 21st century, conflict moves at algorithmic speed and foresight equals firepower. Our agentic AI is purpose-built to compete with China—from cross-Strait conflict to gray zone coercion. Trained on the most mission-relevant datasets in defense, our technology models adversary behavior, simulates campaigns, and recommends the best course of action to decision makers. Our AI systems are some of the most trusted in the industry and actively used on the front lines of the Indo-Pacific to keep the peace and save lives.

Exceptional technology starts with exceptional people. Vannevar is a small agile team combining world-class engineers with veteran strategists who bring deep expertise in defense and tradecraft. We’re building a company defined by mission impact, user empathy, and disciplined growth. In just three years, we grew from $3M to $80M in ARR, achieved early profitability, and reached unicorn status—proving that disruption doesn’t require an ego, and staying power doesn’t mean standing still.

### About the role

AI Agents are core to Vannevar’s products - powering user-facing experiences, data enrichment pipelines, and asynchronous alerting services. The Agents Platform team builds the platform and tooling to enable all teams across the company to build robust and reliable Agents that are trusted for high-impact Government use cases. You will be a technical leader driving the development and adoption of this platform and helping us innovate in the rapidly changing space of Agentic AI.

### What you’ll do

* Design and evangelize best practices for building AI Agents
* Drive standards and tooling for Agent quality including evaluation frameworks, test suites, and benchmark creation
* Partner with internal teams to find emerging product opportunities and build the tooling needed to support them
* Collaborate with other platform teams like our data platform and identity access management team to solve governance problems unique to AI Agents
* Stay current with emerging Agent techniques, tools, and best practices, particularly in areas like agent architectures, tool calling

### What we’re looking for

* 5+ years of experience building and deploying backend, infrastructure, and/or machine learning systems in production environments
* Recent experience and excitement for building with Agent frameworks like LangGraph, Claude SDK, Google ADK, or similar.
* Advanced software engineering skills, including experience with distributed systems, APIs, and cloud infrastructure
* A history of not only building great tooling, but evangelizing them within a medium-large organization
* You have a passion for building reliable, performant AI systems and understand how they create value for end users
* U.S. Person status is required as this position will require the ability to access U.S only data systems

### What we offer

We’re proud to offer competitive benefits that support our employees. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

* Health, dental, and vision insurance
* Remote friendly with WeWork access
* Unlimited PTO, shared downtime during the federal holiday calendar, and company-wide off time at the end of each year
* 401(k) match
* Lifestyle & wellbeing stipends
* Salary top-up during military reserve duty
* Fully paid parental leave
* Child and pet care reimbursement during travel

Vannevar is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply, even if you don't feel like you're a perfect fit. If you're passionate about contributing to our mission, we'd love to hear from you!

**IMPORTANT NOTICE  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all applicants. Official emails from the company will come from an @vannevarlabs.com domain. Under no circumstances will a legitimate representative from our company contact you to request passwords, financial information, or other sensitive personal data. Please be vigilant of potential scams.**
