---
title: Senior Software Engineer, Fullstack (Mission Agents)
status: active
id: '5106817007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vannevarlabs/jobs/5106817007
lastmod: '2026-04-13T16:48:10-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T16:14:41-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Product Engineering
offices:
- Remote
---

**Vannevar is a defense technology company building AI to deter our adversaries.** In the 21st century, conflict moves at algorithmic speed and foresight equals firepower. Our agentic AI is purpose-built to compete with China—from cross-Strait conflict to gray zone coercion. Trained on the most mission-relevant datasets in defense, our technology models adversary behavior, simulates campaigns, and recommends the best course of action to decision makers. Our AI systems are some of the most trusted in the industry and actively used on the front lines of the Indo-Pacific to keep the peace and save lives.

Exceptional technology starts with exceptional people. Vannevar is a small agile team combining world-class engineers with veteran strategists who bring deep expertise in defense and tradecraft. We’re building a company defined by mission impact, user empathy, and disciplined growth. In just three years, we grew from $3M to $80M in ARR, achieved early profitability, and reached unicorn status—proving that disruption doesn’t require an ego, and staying power doesn’t mean standing still.

### About the role

Vannevar is building the future of nation security enablement with agentic AI. Our platform is responsible for tightening the loop from observation to action - providing the warfighter with cutting-edge analysis tools to make better decisions, faster.

We are searching for an experienced product engineer who has previously helped shape agentic AI technology. You will collaborate closely with mission owners in the defense and national security space to build 1) lasting products for which users are enabled by AI and 2) the workflows within these systems to drive mission outcomes.

### What you’ll do

* Design, build, and ship a cutting-edge agent-powered mission console using TypeScript, React, Tailwind, Node.js, and Python.
* Partner with customers, mission owners, designers, and other engineers to understand user workflows and create 10x better solutions for their problems leveraging agents.
* Help define and shape the surface for which users are enabled by AI and agents at Vannevar.
* Implement and maintain robust agentic workflows to enable missions at scale.

### What we’re looking for

* 5+ years of professional software development experience
* Expertise in TypeScript, Node.js, Postgres, Python, and AWS
* Experience building agents using any framework (LangGraph, Agno, Pydantic AI, etc.)
* Prior experience working in a user-facing product role
* Active Security clearance or ability to obtain one and desire to travel to visit users, collect feedback, and debug issues
* Prior experience developing AI-native products

### What we offer

We’re proud to offer competitive benefits that support our employees. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

* Health, dental, and vision insurance
* Remote friendly with WeWork access
* Unlimited PTO, shared downtime during the federal holiday calendar, and company-wide off time at the end of each year
* 401(k) match
* Lifestyle & wellbeing stipends
* Salary top-up during military reserve duty
* Fully paid parental leave
* Child and pet care reimbursement during travel

Vannevar is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply, even if you don't feel like you're a perfect fit. If you're passionate about contributing to our mission, we'd love to hear from you!

**IMPORTANT NOTICE  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all applicants. Official emails from the company will come from an @vannevarlabs.com domain. Under no circumstances will a legitimate representative from our company contact you to request passwords, financial information, or other sensitive personal data. Please be vigilant of potential scams.**
