---
title: DevOps Engineer
status: active
id: '5106734007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vannevarlabs/jobs/5106734007
lastmod: '2026-07-07T14:27:05-04:00'
date: '2026-04-13T16:08:36-04:00'
location: Remote
departments:
- Infrastructure Engineering
offices:
- Remote
---

**Vannevar is a defense technology company building AI to deter our adversaries.** In the 21st century, conflict moves at algorithmic speed and foresight equals firepower. Our agentic AI is purpose-built to compete with China—from cross-Strait conflict to gray zone coercion. Trained on the most mission-relevant datasets in defense, our technology models adversary behavior, simulates campaigns, and recommends the best course of action to decision makers. Our AI systems are some of the most trusted in the industry and actively used on the front lines of the Indo-Pacific to keep the peace and save lives.

Exceptional technology starts with exceptional people. Vannevar is a small agile team combining world-class engineers with veteran strategists who bring deep expertise in defense and tradecraft. We’re building a company defined by mission impact, user empathy, and disciplined growth. In just three years, we grew from $3M to $80M in ARR, achieved early profitability, and reached unicorn status—proving that disruption doesn’t require an ego, and staying power doesn’t mean standing still.

### About the role

We are looking for a DevOps Engineer to own build and deployment automation for Vannevar Labs. Your decisions today will have a large impact on the company’s future. We believe that simple systems are easier to understand, maintain, and scale. You will be making trade-offs as you work to ensure that our systems are prepared to operate in both commercial and high-side environments at scale — being able to effectively communicate these trade-offs with your teammates is a must.

**What you'll do**

* Develop, maintain, and be responsible for overall platform health, scaling and planning.
* Developing self-service tools and automating things to improve data engineering efficiency.
* Build logging and monitoring tools to visualize the state of the platform and improve our SRE practices.
* Play a critical part in implementing a secure, robust and high availability DevOps pipeline.
* Work with the team to continue the build out of a multi-account AWS environment.
* Automate build & deployment processes.

### Qualifications

* 5+ years of experience in DevOps, software engineering.
* Experience crafting CI/CD processes and automation.
* Deep knowledge in AWS cloud technology.
* Experience with PLG stack, Datadog, or other enterprise monitoring tools.
* Familiarity with infrastructure as code technologies such as Terraform and Pulumi.
* Proficient with containerization technologies like Docker.
* Excellent with Python, Bash, or other scripting languages.
* Experience working in an agile scrum environment and also an ability to work independently.
* Able to quickly learn new and existing technologies.
* Strong attention to detail and excellent analytical capabilities.
* U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position will require the ability to access U.S. only data systems and export-controlled data.
* TS Clearance preferred or must be willing to obtain clearance.

### Additional Qualifications (Nice to haves)

* Experience working in AWS GovCloud.
* Experience in data processing with the Department of Defense and/or the IC.
* Experience building CD/CI systems in Github Actions.
* Passion for DevSecOps.
* Experience working with Elasticsearch/Opensearch.
* Have worked hardening and delivering software applications.
* Experience with modern web services architectures.
* Experience with relational database systems, including SQL and relational design.
* Knowledge of advanced networking concepts such as overlays, VPNs, and zero trust networks.
* Strong collaboration and negotiation skills and must be able to work on multi-functional projects with internal partner engineering teams
* Willingness to travel about 20-30%

### What we offer

We’re proud to offer competitive benefits that support our employees. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

* Health, dental, and vision insurance
* 100% remote first culture. You can work from anywhere in the US and all full time employees have WeWork access
* Unlimited PTO including competitive vacation and holiday schedules
* Lifestyle stipends - Monthly mental health, wellness & fitness stipend, in-home office setup stipend and family planning assistance
* Salary top-up during military reserve duty
* Fully paid parental leave
* Child and pet care reimbursement during travel

Vannevar is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply, even if you don't feel like you're a perfect fit. If you're passionate about contributing to our mission, we'd love to hear from you!

**IMPORTANT NOTICE  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all applicants. Official emails from the company will come from an @vannevarlabs.com domain. Under no circumstances will a legitimate representative from our company contact you to request passwords, financial information, or other sensitive personal data. Please be vigilant of potential scams.**
