---
title: Government Relations Manager (Clearance Required)
status: active
id: '5175753007'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vannevarlabs/jobs/5175753007
lastmod: '2026-07-23T16:58:01-04:00'
date: '2026-07-06T11:30:46-04:00'
location: Washington, District of Columbia, United States
departments:
- Operations
offices:
- DC
---

**Vannevar is a defense technology company building AI to deter our adversaries.** In the 21st century, conflict moves at algorithmic speed and foresight equals firepower. Our agentic AI is purpose-built to compete with China—from cross-Strait conflict to gray zone coercion. Trained on the most mission-relevant datasets in defense, our technology models adversary behavior, simulates campaigns, and recommends the best course of action to decision makers. Our AI systems are some of the most trusted in the industry and actively used on the front lines of the Indo-Pacific to keep the peace and save lives.

Exceptional technology starts with exceptional people. Vannevar is a small agile team combining world-class engineers with veteran strategists who bring deep expertise in defense and tradecraft. We’re building a company defined by mission impact, user empathy, and disciplined growth. In just three years, we grew from $3M to $80M in ARR, achieved early profitability, and reached unicorn status—proving that disruption doesn’t require an ego, and staying power doesn’t mean standing still.

We are looking for a Government Relations Manager to work directly with our Senior Vice President for policy and strategy to expand Vannevar’s government relations effort. As a Government Relations Manager, you will develop legislative strategies that result in policies, authorities and long-term program funding that support the company’s strategic objectives. You will lead engagements with key legislative stakeholders on Capitol Hill, highlighting areas where Vannevar is leading in adoption of emerging national security technology. You’ll support our existing Department of Defense deployments and help us expand into new national security missions. You will work closely with the mission team to understand our relationships with program offices and deployment goals. You’ll analyze budget justification books, congressional testimony and other relevant government documents to understand our customer’s requirements and resources to shape go to market strategies.

### About the role

You are passionate about building next generation capabilities for our public servants and have experience in navigating complex legislative processes to drive new technology adoption and program scaling within the Department of Defense. You have navigated Capitol Hill’s defense or intelligence committees and issues as a senior staffer and/or in an external government  
relations role, preferably with specific expertise in Appropriations. Successful candidates will have direct experience working for congressional Democrats – as staff in a Member’s office, on a committee staff, or in a Democratic caucus leadership role – and bring established relationships with Democratic Members and staff on the Hill. You are motivated to work on a small team where you can  
have an outsized impact and drive significant growth at a national security startup by marrying up government relations to go-to market strategy through creative approaches, deep understanding of our technologies and their applications to strategic competition with nation states.

### What you’ll do

* Represent Vannevar on Capitol Hill. Work closely with our head of public policy and deployment leads to understand our strategic vision and maintain awareness of the mission wins we are developing for our DoD partners. Use this knowledge to communicate Vannevar’s technology, mission value and strategic vision to stakeholders on Capitol Hill and within the Department of Defense through presentations tied to their specific concerns and agendas.
* Own specific legislative objectives. Own Vannevar’s engagement with legislative stakeholders for multiple company objectives targeted at achieving discrete growth goals, while also folding into the company’s broader strategy.
* Partner with Mission team. Support Vannevar’s go-to market strategies through embedding government relations within our deployments from new footholds to category-defining new programs.

### What we’re looking for

* 4+ years navigating Capitol Hill’s defense committees and issues
* Prior experience working for congressional Democrats (e.g., as staff in a Democratic Member’s office, on a Democratic committee staff, or in a Democratic caucus leadership role) is strongly preferred
* Aptitude for working with internal and external stakeholders, from go-to market strategies and legislative agendas
* Proven ability to navigate complex legislative processes to achieve impact
* U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position will require the ability to access U.S. only data systems and export controlled data.
* Top Secret Clearance, or ability to quickly obtain one is required.
* Must be located in the Washington DC metro area.

### What we offer

We’re proud to offer competitive benefits that support our employees. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

* Health, dental, and vision insurance
* Remote friendly with WeWork access
* Unlimited PTO, shared downtime during the federal holiday calendar, and company-wide off time at the end of each year
* 401(k) match
* Lifestyle & wellbeing stipends
* Salary top-up during military reserve duty
* Fully paid parental leave
* Child and pet care reimbursement during travel

Vannevar is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply, even if you don't feel like you're a perfect fit. If you're passionate about contributing to our mission, we'd love to hear from you!

**IMPORTANT NOTICE  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all applicants. Official emails from the company will come from an @vannevarlabs.com domain. Under no circumstances will a legitimate representative from our company contact you to request passwords, financial information, or other sensitive personal data. Please be vigilant of potential scams.**
