---
title: Strategic Finance Manager, Gen AI
status: archived
id: '4623533005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4623533005
lastmod: '2026-06-25T16:55:28-04:00'
date: '2025-10-29T16:43:30-04:00'
location: San Francisco, CA
departments:
- CFO Team
offices:
- San Francisco, CA
---

We are building out the Finance team to help make data-driven and financially sound decisions for Scale. The Finance team drives strategic, financial, and operational decisions by partnering with the leadership team to make critical decisions across Scale.

We’re looking for a high-performing, all-rounded finance athlete to join our team and support the rapidly growing Generative AI (GenAI) business. You’ll collaborate closely with Product, Operations, Growth, and Go-to-Market leaders to bring financial rigor to decision-making, develop actionable insights that drive strategy, and build scalable systems as the business expands.

This role is ideal for someone with 4-6 years of experience in a fast-paced, high-growth environment. Someone who thrives in ambiguity, can juggle multiple workstreams, and brings a mix of analytical rigor, business acumen, and strong execution.

**You will:**

* Own and evolve part of the GenAI financial forecasting model, driving accuracy and insight across planning cycles
* Support reporting and performance management, including weekly and monthly reviews, consolidations, and ad hoc analyses
* Partner with GenAI leadership and cross functional teams to evaluate and execute key strategic and operational initiatives that scale the business multifold
* Conduct financial analyses and build business cases for new products, partnerships, and investments
* Collaborate with Accounting, and Corporate Finance to improve close, reporting, and planning cadences
* Continuously improve financial processes and systems to enhance scalability, forecast precision, and data visibility

**Ideally, you'd have:**

* 4–6 years of experience in Strategic Finance, FP&A, or Business Operations, ideally within a high-growth technology company
* 2 years of investment banking experience at a top-tier firm
* Strong analytical and financial modeling skills; ability to translate complex data into actionable insights
* Excellent communication skills, with the ability to distill complexity into clear narratives for non-finance stakeholders
* Advanced proficiency in Excel, Google Sheets, and PowerPoint; strong command of financial modeling best practices
* Experience with SQL or Business Intelligence tools (e.g., Looker, Tableau)
* Familiarity with Anaplan, Adaptive Insights, or other planning systems

**Nice to haves:**

* Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Engineering, or a related field
* Prior experience supporting Product, Engineering, Growth, or Operations teams within a technology company

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

The base salary range for this full-time position in the location of San Francisco is:

$148,000—$185,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
