---
title: Technical Program Manager, Public Sector Engineering
status: archived
id: '4691908005'
source: greenhouse
url: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/scaleai/jobs/4691908005
lastmod: '2026-07-09T12:47:57-04:00'
date: '2026-05-03T12:11:21-04:00'
location: New York, NY; Washington, DC
departments:
- Public Sector Engineering
offices:
- New York, NY
- Washington, DC
---

Scale AI is at the forefront of the AI revolution, helping the U.S. government unlock the potential of AI across national security missions. We’re building enterprise-grade generative AI solutions and delivering them into operational use cases that matter.

The Global Forward Deployments (GFD) organization operates as a critical horizontal layer across Scale, sitting at the intersection of Engineering, Product, Design (EPD), Delivery, and GTM. As our business scales, we are growing the GFD Project Management Office (PMO) to act as the connective tissue that brings structure to ambiguity by aligning teams, organizing cross-functional workstreams, and keeping priorities coordinated across the organization.

As a Technical Program Manager within this expanding PMO, you will drive execution across diverse initiatives by partnering closely with Infrastructure & Security, Product, Software Engineering, Machine Learning, Mission/Field Engineering, Delivery, and Go-To-Market (GTM) teams. Your focus will be integrating engineering roadmaps, customer delivery timelines, and security constraints to enable successful deployments in complex, isolated environments.

### **What You Will Do**

* **Lead as a Horizontal PMO Partner:** Serve as a central node within the growing GFD PMO, driving alignment across Engineering, Product, and Design(EPD) initiatives and ensuring priorities remain top-of-mind across the organization.
* **Spearhead Niche Initiatives:** Take on Scale’s difficult-but-ambiguous problems, breaking them down in a structured way and driving them to successful outcomes. You will dive into both technology and organizational processes to craft effective solutions and gain efficiencies, track resourcing and vendor management, and align internal resources to solve unique organizational, and technical challenges.
* **Bridge EPD, Delivery, and GTM:** Act as the primary technical program manager uniting GFD with Product, ML, Mission & Field Engineering, Delivery, and GTM teams to wrangle contractual deliverables across EPD, unblock complex custom integrations, and drive technical milestones against critical contract checkpoints.
* **Optimize Cross-Functional Processes:** Collaborate with stakeholders across the company to improve processes and procedures, ensuring Scale's continued success.
* **Foster Communication:** Create an effective feedback loop between all teams within EPD as well as with partner teams like Legal, BizOps, and Partnerships.
* **Navigate Ambiguity:** Transition AI/ML technologies and processes into working Public Sector products/solutions even when requirements are undefined or ambiguous.

**Ideally You’d Have**

* Current or past Security Clearance *(TS/SCI preferred).*
* Proven experience partnering closely with Product and cross-functional Engineering teams to align technical roadmaps, manage dependencies, and drive complex, multi-team initiatives.
* Experience in project management, including planning, organizing, and managing resources.
* A demonstrated capacity to operate effectively and maintain high-quality output within a high-tempo, ambiguous, or chaotic environment.
* Experience in security and compliance, with a focus on cross-departmental collaboration.
* Experience in delivering secure and reliable solutions within classified, isolated, and air-gapped environments.
* Demonstrated understanding of security practices within cloud environments *(e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP).*
* Experience in a high growth, fast-paced technology company.
* An action-oriented mindset, balancing creative problem-solving with a strong drive to achieve outcomes.

**Nice to Haves**

* Experience in microservice design and Kubernetes-based container orchestration.
* Experience applying AI or Machine Learning.
* Strong analytical skills, with experience using data analysis tools or software.
* Demonstrated history of fostering cross-functional collaboration with Delivery, Sales, and Engineering teams.
* Backlog refinement & roadmapping experience with tools like Linear and JIRA.
* Proven experience translating complex SOW requirements into tactical engineering deliverables
* Experience maintaining alignment with organizational capacity planning and delivery timelines.
* Background in Software, Security, or System Engineering.

(Note this role must be based within the continental United States and requires current US Citizenship to support Scale’s Public Sector business.)

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$187,200—$234,000 USD

*Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position and may be inclusive of several career levels at Scale; it will be determined during the interview process based on work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, qualifications, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You'll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.*

The base salary range for this full-time position in the location of Washington DC is:

$187,200—$234,000 USD

***PLEASE NOTE:****Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.*

**About Us:**

*At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions. Our products provide the high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world's leading models, and help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact. We work closely with industry leaders like Meta,* *Ernst**&* *Young, Mayo Clinic, Time Inc., the Government of Qatar, and U.S. government agencies including the Army and Air Force. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.*

*We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.*

*We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's* [*Know Your Rights poster*](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf) *for additional information.*

*We comply with the United States Department of Labor's* *Pay Transparency provision**.*

***PLEASE NOTE:** We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our [privacy policy](https://scale.com/legal/privacy) for additional information.*
