---
title: Forward Deployed AI Engineer
status: active
id: '7523168732886812978'
source: feishu
url: https://01ai.jobs.feishu.cn/position/7523168732886812978
lastmod: '2025-07-04T10:20:22.952000+00:00'
date: '2025-07-04T10:20:22.952000+00:00'
location: 北京
departments:
- 高级技术职位
offices:
- 北京
---

## 职位描述

About the Role

We’re seeking engineers who enjoy working directly with customers to build real solutions using LLMs. In this role, you'll integrate into client environments to understand their challenges, collaborate on building solutions, and navigate evolving problem areas. You'll work closely with internal partners—like sales, solution architects, customer success, and product teams—to ensure the success of these projects and to bring valuable insights back to the organization.

What You’ll Do

- Partner with clients to understand their technical and business needs in depth.

- Architect and build end-to-end AI-powered applications using an agile, iterative approach.

- Develop and manage detailed project scopes and implementation plans for both prototypes and live deployments.

- Serve as a trusted technical partner, working alongside customer teams to implement solutions on their infrastructure.

- Coordinate with cross-functional teams to ensure smooth delivery and ongoing success, while sharing insights to improve internal processes and products.

- Document lessons learned and best practices to help scale the FDE function across the organization.

## 任职要求

What You Bring

- At least 4 years of experience in software engineering or similar roles involving direct customer interaction.

- Flexibility to travel up to 50% for on-site collaboration with clients.

- A track record of building quick prototypes and iterating based on user feedback.

- Experience leading or contributing to AI/ML solution rollouts, with familiarity in networking and cloud technologies.

- Strong skills in front-end tools like React or Next.js, back-end development in languages like Python or Node.js, and data analytics tools like BigQuery, RedShift or other SQL databases.

- Comfort with cloud platforms including AWS, GCP, or Azure.

- Excellent communication skills, with the ability to convey complex technical topics to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.

- A hands-on approach to problem solving, with the initiative to learn and adapt as needed to deliver effective outcomes.
